Huffman coding - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Huffman tree generated from the exact frequencies of the text "this is an example of a huffman tree". The frequencies and codes of each character are below. Encoding the sentence with this code requires 135 bits, as opposed to 288 (or 180) bits if 36 characters of 8 (or 5) bits were used. (This assumes that the code tree structure is known to the decoder and thus does not need to be counted as part of the transmitted information.)
space 	7 	111
a 	4 	010
e 	4 	000
f 	3 	1101
h 	2 	1010
i 	2 	1000
m 	2 	0111
n 	2 	0010
s 	2 	1011
t 	2 	0110
l 	1 	11001
o 	1 	00110
p 	1 	10011
r 	1 	11000
u 	1 	00111
x 	1 	10010

In computer science and information theory, a Huffman code is a particular type of optimal prefix code that is commonly used for lossless data compression. The process of finding and/or using such a code proceeds by means of Huffman coding, an algorithm developed by David A. Huffman while he was a Ph.D. student at MIT, and published in the 1952 paper "A Method for the Construction of Minimum-Redundancy Codes".[1]

The output from Huffman's algorithm can be viewed as a variable-length code table for encoding a source symbol (such as a character in a file). The algorithm derives this table from the estimated probability or frequency of occurrence (weight) for each possible value of the source symbol. As in other entropy encoding methods, more common symbols are generally represented using fewer bits than less common symbols. Huffman's method can be efficiently implemented, finding a code in linear time to the number of input weights if these weights are sorted.[2] However, although optimal among methods encoding symbols separately, Huffman coding is not always optimal among all compression methods.
History[edit]

In 1951, David A. Huffman and his MIT information theory classmates were given the choice of a term paper or a final exam. The professor, Robert M. Fano, assigned a term paper on the problem of finding the most efficient binary code. Huffman, unable to prove any codes were the most efficient, was about to give up and start studying for the final when he hit upon the idea of using a frequency-sorted binary tree and quickly proved this method the most efficient.[3]

In doing so, Huffman outdid Fano, who had worked with information theory inventor Claude Shannon to develop a similar code. By building the tree from the bottom up instead of the top down, Huffman avoided the major flaw of the suboptimal Shannon-Fano coding.
Terminology[edit]

Huffman coding uses a specific method for choosing the representation for each symbol, resulting in a prefix code (sometimes called "prefix-free codes", that is, the bit string representing some particular symbol is never a prefix of the bit string representing any other symbol). Huffman coding is such a widespread method for creating prefix codes that the term "Huffman code" is widely used as a synonym for "prefix code" even when such a code is not produced by Huffman's algorithm.

    his readers
    Thomas Jeeves Horder MD Has made valuable contributions to science in bacteriology.
    John Morris-Jones MA Professor of Welsh at the University College of North Wales, Bangor. A member of the Carnarvonshire Education Committee and the Anglesey County Council Has written extensively on Welsh language and literature.
    William F. Jury, Organized a supply of cinema films of the war on the Western front and did work for the last War Loan and in organizing war charities.
    John Scott Keltie FRGS FSS Well-known geographer. President of the Geographical Section of the British Association; awarded the Cullun Gold Medal of the American Geographical Society and the gold medals of the Paris and Royal Scottish Geographical Societies. Received the Victoria Medal of the Royal Geographical Society (1917).
    John Lavery ARA Member of the Royal Scottish Academy. the Royal Hibernian Academy, the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts, Paris. Chevalier of the Crown of Italy and of Leopold of Belgium. His works appear in the National Galleries of Dublin, Rome, Berlin, and Brussels, and in the Corporation Galleries of Glasgow, Manchester, and Bradford.
    John Lithiby CB Legal Adviser to the Local Government Board. A member of the South-Eastern Circuit.
    Sidney James Low MA Lecturer on Imperial and Colonial History, University of London. A well-known author and journalist; editor of the St. James's Gazette, 1888-1897, and for some time literary editor of The Standard. Has done much important work as special correspondent at home and abroad.
    George Lunn, Lord Mayor of Newcastle-on-Tyne. Has given valuable help in the organization of labour for the manufacture of munitions and the promotion of the War Loan at Newcastle.
    Edwin Landseer Lutyens ARA Architect and artist. Member of committee appointed to advise the Government of India on the site of Delhi in 1912.
    James William McCraith, Manager for 40 years of the Nottingham Savings Bank and since 1904 leader of the Unionist Party in Nottingham.
    G. Charles Mandleberg, Chairman and managing director of J. Mandleberg and Co. Ltd., Manchester, and chairman of the Salford War Savings Committee and Food Economy Committee.
    Thomas Rogerson Marsden, Managing director of Platt Brothers, Oldham, a firm which has had many war contracts.
    Henry Milner-White LLD A prominent citizen of Southampton and Treasurer of University College there.
    Alpheus Cleophas Morton MP Architect and surveyor educated in Canada. Member of Parliament for Sutherlandshire since 1906. Has been a member of the Corporation of the City of London since 1882
    Edward M. Mountain, Chairman of the Eagle Star and British Dominion Company. Has been of service to the Government in connection with War Loans and Insurance.
    David Murray RA President of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours.
    Herbert Nield KC MP Recorder of York. Member of Parliament for the Ealing Division, Deputy Chairman of Middlesex magistrates; Chairman of Middlesex Appeal Tribunal
    James George Owen, Mayor of Exeter for the fourth successive year. Has taken an active part in local war work, and is chairman of many committees. Has given a fleet of ambulances to Devon battalions in France and Salonika
    John Phillips MD FRCP Professor Emeritus of Obstetric Medicine, King's College, London, and Consulting Obstetric Physician, King's College Hospital
    Edmund Bampfylde Phipps CB Principal Assistant Secretary of the Elementary Education Branch of the Board of Education, and late General Secretary to the Ministry of Munitions
    Philip Edward Pilditch, Head of the firm of Pilditch, Chadwick, and Co., architects. Member of the London County Council since 1907, and vice-chairman, 1913-14. Chairman of the Parliamentary and Local Government Committees
    Thomas Putnam, Managing director of the Darlington Forge Company. Founder and chairman of Darlington Sailors and Soldiers' Welfare Bureau. A leader of the local Unionist Party
    Stephen B. Quinn JP Mayor of Limerick
    Patrick Rose-Innes KC Recorder of Sandwich and Rampate since 1905. Commissioner of Assize, S.E. Circuit, 1914-15
    William Watson Rutherford MP Unionist Member of Parliament for West Derby Division of Liverpool since 1903. Head of the firm of Rutherfords of Liverpool and London. Elected to the Liverpool City Council in 1895. Lord Mayor of Liverpool, 1902-3
    William Henry Seager, Vice-Chairman of the Cardiff and Bristol Channel Shipowners' Association. Governor of King Edward VII and other hospitals, and chairman of the Cardiff Association for the Blind
    Robert Russell Simpson, of Edinburgh, for over 40 years deputy-clerk of the Free and United Free Church, Scotland. One of the founders of tho Edinburgh Industrial Brigade for working lads. Writer to the Signet.
    George Frederick Sleight, of Grimsby. One of tho largest trawler owners in the world; he has rendered valuable national services in the promotion of the fish supply.
    Arthur Spurgeon JP Managing director of Messrs. Cassoll and Co., publishers, and chairman of the Croydon magistrates; special Parliamentary representative of the National Press Agency in London
    Lieutenant-Colonel Harold Jalland Stiles, Royal Army Medical Corps. Surgeon to the Royal Edinburgh Hospital for Sick Children and to the Chalners Hospital, Edinburgh
    Edmund Stonehouse, three-time Mayor of Wakefield. Has done much valuable work locally on various committees
    Henry Tozer, Alderman of the City of Westminster. One of the leaders of the variety theatre industry. Chairman of the Unionist Party in the Strand Division.
    Leslie Ward, "Spy" of Vanity Fair from 1873-1909. A member of the Royal Society of Portrait Painters
    Howard Kingsley Wood, Member for Woolwich of the London County Council; a prominent Wesleyan; Deputy-Chairman of the London Pension Authority, and chairman of the London Insurance Committee
    Alfred William Yeo MP Member of Parliament for Poplar since 1914. Has represented Limehouse on the L.C.C. for seven years.

British India

    Arthur Robert Anderson CIE CBE
    Edward Fairless Barber, Additional Member of the Council of the Governor of Madras for making Laws and Regulations
    Thomas William Birkett, of Bombay
    Colonel Harry Albert Lawless Hepper, Major, Royal Engineers, retired.
    Thomas Frederick Dawson-Miller KC Chief Justice of the High Court of Judicature at Patna
    Binod Chunder Mitter, Barrister-at-Law, lately Officiating Advocate General, Bengal, and a Member of the Council of the Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    Henry Adolphus Byden Rattigan, Chief Judge of Chief Court, Punjab

Colonies, Protectorates, etc

    Major Andrew Macphail, Canadian Army Medical Corps (Overseas Forces), Professor of the History of Medicine, McGill University, Montreal
    Major-General Donald Alexander Macdonald CMG ISO Quartermaster-General, Canadian Militia
    Admiral Charles Edmund Kingsmill RN (Retired), Director of Naval Service in the Dominion of Canada
    William James Gage, of Toronto
    The Honourable Charles Gregory Wade KC Agent-General in London for the State of New South Wales
    Frederick William Young LLB Agent General in London for the State of South Australia
    The Honourable Simon Fraser, formerly a Member of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Australia
    The Honourable William Fraser, Minister of Public Works of the Dominion of New Zealand
    John Robert Sinclair, representative of New Zealand on the Royal Commission on the Natural Resources, Trade and Legislation of certain portions of His Majesty's Dominions
    The Honourable John Carnegie Dove-Wilson LLB Judge President, Natal Provincial Division, Supreme Court of South Africa
    Major William Northrup McMillan, 25th (Service) Battalion, The Royal Fusiliers
    Bartle Henry Temple Frere, the Chief Justice of Gibraltar

Victoria Cross (VC)[edit]

    Major John Sherwood-Kelly CMG DSO Norfolk Regiment, comd. A Battalion, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers. For most conspicuous bravery and fearless leading when a party of men of another unit detailed to cover the passage of the canal by his battalion were held up on the near side of the canal by Heavy rifle fire directed on the bridge. Sherwood-Kelly at once ordered covering fire, personally led the leading company of his battalion across the canal and, after crossing, reconnoitred under heavy rifle and machine gun fire the high ground held by the enemy. The left flank of his battalion advancing: to the assault of this objective was held up by a thick belt of wire, whereupon he crossed to that flank, and with a Lewis gun team, forced his way under heavy fire through obstacles, got the gun into position on the far side, and covered the advance of his battalion through the wire, thereby enabling them to capture the position. Later, he personally led a charge against some pits from which a heavy fire was being directed on his men, captured the pits, together with five machine guns and 46 prisoners, and killed a large number of the enemy. The great gallantry displayed by this officer throughput the day inspired the greatest confidence in his men, and it was mainly due to his example and devotion to duty that his battalion was enabled to capture and hold their objective.
    Captain George Randolph Pearkes MC Canadian Mounted Rifles. For most conspicuous bravery and skillful handling of the troops under his command during the capture and consolidation of considerably more than the objectives allotted to him, in an attack. Just prior to the advance Major Pearkes was wounded in the left thigh. Regardless of his wound, he continued to lead his men with the utmost gallantry, despite many obstacles. At a particular stage of the attack Lis further advance was threatened by a strong point which was an objective of the battalion on his left, but which they had not succeeded in capturing. Quickly appreciating the situation, he captured and held this point, thus enabling his further advance to be successfully pushed forward. It was entirely due to his determination and fearless personality that he was able to maintain his objective with the small number of men at his command against repeated enemy counter-attacks, both his flanks being unprotected for a considerable depth meanwhile. His appreciation of the situation throughout and the reports rendered by him were invaluable to his Commanding Officer in making dispositions of troops to hold the position captured. He showed throughout a supreme contempt of danger and wonderful powers of control and leading.
    Captain John Fox Russell MC late Royal Army Medical Corps, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers. For most conspicuous bravery displayed in action until he was killed. Captain Russell repeatedly went out to attend the wounded under murderous fire from snipers and machine guns, and, in many cases where no other means were at hand, carried them in himself, although almost exhausted. He showed the highest possible degree of valour.
    Lieutenant Robert Gee MC Royal Fusiliers. For most conspicuous bravery, initiative and determination when an attack by a strong enemy force pierced our line and captured a brigade headquarters and ammunition dump. Gee finding himself a prisoner killed one of the enemy with his spiked stick, and succeeded in escaping. He then organised a party of the brigade staff with which he attacked the enemy fiercely, closely followed and supported by two companies of infantry. By his own personal bravery and prompt action he, aided by his orderlies, cleared the locality. Gee established a defensive flank on the outskirts of the village, then finding that an enemy machine gun was still in action, with a revolver in each hand, and, followed by one man, he rushed and captured the gun, killing eight of the crew. At this time he was wounded but refused to have the wound dressed until he was satisfied that the defence was organised.
    Lieutenant Christopher Patrick John O'Kelly MC Canadian Infantry. For most conspicuous bravery in an action in which he led his company with extraordinary skill and determination. After the original attack had failed and two companies of his unit had launched a new attack, Captain O'Kelly advanced his command over 1000 yards under heavy fire without any artillery barrage, took the enemy positions on the crest of the hill by storm, and then personally organised and led a series of attacks against Pill-boxes, his company alone capturing six of them with 100 prisoners and 10 machine guns. Later on in the afternoon, under the leadership of his gallant officer, his company repelled a strong counter-attack, taking more prisoners, and subsequently during the night captured a hostile raiding party consisting of one officer, 10 men and a machine gun. The whole of these achievements were chiefly due to the magnificent courage, daring and ability of Captain O'Kelly.
    2nd Lieutenant (acting Lieutenant-Colonel) Philip Eric Bent DSO late Leicestershire Regiment. For most conspicuous bravery, when during a heavy hostile attack, the right of his own command and the battalion on his right were forced back. The situation was critical owing to the confusion caused by the attack and the intense artillery fire. Lieutenant-Colonel Bent personally collected a platoon that was in reserve, and together with men from other companies and various regimental details, he organised and led them forward to the counter-attack, after issuing orders to other officers as to the further defence of the line. The counterattack was successful and the enemy were checked. The coolness and magnificent example shown to all ranks by Lieutenant-Colonel Bent resulted in the securing of a portion of the line which was of essential importance for subsequent operations. This very gallant officer was killed whilst leading a charge which he inspired with the call of Come on the Tigers.
    2nd Lieutenant (acting Captain) Arthur Moore Lascelles, Durham Light Infantry. For most conspicuous bravery, initiative and devotion to duty when in command of his company in a very exposed position. After a very heavy bombardment during which Captain Lascelles was wounded, the enemy attacked in strong force, but was driven off, success being due in a great degree to the fine example set by this officer, who, refusing to allow his wound to be dressed, continued to encourage his men and organise the defence. Shortly afterwards the enemy again attacked and captured the trench, taking several of his men prisoners. Captain Lascelles at once jumped on to the parapet and followed by the remainder of his company, 12 men only, rushed across under very heavy machine-gun fire and drove over 60 of the enemy back, thereby saving a most critical situation. He was untiring in reorganising the position, but shortly afterwards the enemy again attacked and captured the trench and Captain Lascelles, who escaped later. The remarkable determination and gallantry of this officer in the course of operations, during which he received two further wounds, afforded an inspiring example to all.
    Sergeant John MacAulay DCM Scots Guards (Stirling). For most conspicuous bravery and initiative in attack. When all his officers had become casualties Sergeant MacAulay assumed command of the company and under shell and machine-gun fire successfully held and consolidated the objective gained. He reorganised the company, cheered on and encouraged his men, and under heavy fire at close quarters showed utter disregard of danger. Noticing a counter-attack developing on his exposed left flank, he successfully repulsed it by the skillful and bold use of machine-guns, aided by two men only, causing heavy enemy casualties. Sergeant MacAulay also carried his company commander, who was mortally wounded, a long distance to a place of safety under very heavy fire. Twice he was knocked down by the concussion of a bursting shell, but, nothing daunted, he continued on his way until his objective was achieved, killing two of the enemy who endeavoured to intercept him. Throughout the day this very gallant Noncommissioned Officer displayed the highest courage, tactical skill, and coolness under exceptionally trying circumstances.
    Sergeant George Harry Mullin MM Infantry. For most conspicuous bravery in attack, when single-handed he captured a commanding Pill-box which had withstood the heavy bombardment and was causing heavy casualties to our forces and holding up the attack. He rushed a snipers post in front, destroyed the garrison with bombs, and, crawling on to the top of the Pill-box, he shot the two machine-gunners with his revolver. Sergeant Mullin then rushed to another entrance and compelled the garrison of ten to surrender. His gallantry and fearlessness were witnessed by many, and, although rapid fire was directed upon him, and his clothes riddled by bullets, he never faltered in his purpose, and he not only helped to save the situation, but also indirectly saved many lives.
    Sergeant Charles Edward Spackman, Border Regiment (Fulham). For most conspicuous bravery when in action the leading company was checked by the heavy fire of a machine-gun mounted in a position which covered the approaches. The ground was absolutely devoid of cover of any description. Sergeant Spackman, realising the position, and seeing that it would be impossible for troops to advance, went through the fire to attack the gun. Working forward gradually, he succeeded in killing all but one of the gun crew. He then rushed the gun and captured it single-handed, thereby enabling the company to advance. The behaviour of this Non-commissioned Officer was gallant in the extreme, and he set a fine example of courage and devotion to his men.
    Corporal Colin Barron, Canadian Infantry. For conspicuous bravery when in attack his unit was held up by three machine guns. Corporal Barron opened on them, from a flan k at point-blank range, rushed the enemy guns single-handed, killed four of the crew, and captured, the remainder. He then, with remarkable initiative and skill, turned one of the captured guns on the retiring enemy, causing them severe casualties. The remarkable dash and determination displayed by this N.C.O. in rushing the guns produced far-reaching results, and enabled the advance to be continued.
    Lance Corporal Robert McBeath, Seaforth Highlanders (Kinlochbervie, Lairg, Sutherland). For most conspicuous bravery when with his company in attack and approaching the final objective, a nest of enemy machine-guns in the western outskirts of a village opened fire both on his own unit and on the unit on the right. The advance was checked and heavy casualties resulted. When a Lewis gun was called for to deal with these machine-guns, Lance Corporal McBeath volunteered for the duty, and immediately moved off alone with a Lewis gun and his revolver. He located one of the machine-guns in action, and worked his way towards it, shooting the gunner with his revolver. Finding several other hostile machine-guns in action, he, with the assistance of a Tarife, attacked them and drove the gunners to ground in a deep dug-out. Lance Corporal McBeath, regardless of all danger, rushed in after them, shot an enemy who opposed him on the steps, and drove the remainder of the garrison out of the dug-out, capturing three officers and thirty men. There were in all five machine-guns mounted found the dug-out, and by putting them out of action he cleared the way for the advance of both units. The conduct of Lance Corporal McBeath throughout three days of severe fighting was beyond praise.
    Private George William Clare, late Lancers (Plumstead). For most conspicuous bravery and devotion to duty, when, acting as stretcher-bearer during a most intense and continuous enemy bombardment, Private Clare dressed and conducted wounded over the open to the dressing-station about 500 yards away. At one period, when all the garrison of a detached post, which was lying out in the open about 150 yards to the left of the line occupied, had become casualties, he crossed the intervening space, which was continually swept by heavy rifle and machine-gun fire, and, having dressed all the cases, manned the post single-handed till a relief could be sent. Private Clare then carried a seriously wounded man through intense fire to cover, and later succeeded in getting him to the dressing-station. At the dressing-station he was told that the enemy was using gas shells to a large extent in the valley below, and as the wind was blowing the gas towards the line of trenches and shell-holes occupied, he started on the right of the line and personally warned every company post of the danger, the whole time under shell and rifle fire. This very gallant soldier was subsequently killed by a shell.
    Private Thomas William Holmes, Canadian Mounted Rifles. For most conspicuous bravery and resource when the right flank of our attack was held up by heavy machine-gun and rifle fire from a pill-box strong point. Heavy casualties were producing a critical situation when Private Holmes, on his own initiative and single-handed, ran forward and threw two bombs, killing and wounding the crews of two machine guns. He then returned to his comrades, secured another bomb, and again rushed forward alone under heavy fire and threw the bomb into the entrance of the pill-box, causing the nineteen occupants to surrender. By this act of valour, at a very critical moment Private Holmes undoubtedly cleared the way for the advance of our troops and saved the lives of many of his comrades.
    Private Cecil John Kinross, Canadian Infantry. For most conspicuous bravery in action during prolonged and severe operations. Shortly after the attack was launched, the company to which he belonged came under intense artillery fire, and further advance was held up by a very severe fire from an enemy machine-gun. Private Kinross, making a careful survey of the situation, deliberately divested himself of all his equipment save his rifle and bandolier and, regardless of his personal safety, advanced alone over the open ground in broad daylight, charged the enemy machine-gun, killing the crew of six, and seized and destroyed the gun. His superb example and courage instilled the greatest confidence in his company, and enabled a further advance of 300 yards to be made and a highly important position to be established. Throughout the day he showed marvelous coolness and courage, fighting with the utmost aggressiveness against heavy odds until seriously wounded.
    Private Henry James Nicholas, New Zealand Infantry. For most conspicuous bravery and devotion to duty in attack. Private Nicholas, who was one of a Lewis gun section, had orders to form a defensive flank to the right of the advance which was subsequently checked by heavy machine-gun and rifle fire from an enemy strong point. Whereupon, followed by the remainder of his section at an interval of about 25 yards, Private Nicholas rushed forward alone, shot the officer in command of the strong point, and overcame the remainder of the garrison of sixteen by means of bombs and bayonet, capturing four wounded prisoners and a machine-gun. He captured this strong point practically singlehanded, and thereby saved many casualties. Subsequently, when the advance had reached its limit, Private Nicholas collected ammunition under heavy machine-gun and rifle fire. His exceptional valour and coolness throughout the operations afforded an inspiring example to all.
    Private James Peter Robertson, late Canadian Infantry. For most conspicuous bravery and outstanding devotion to duty in attack. When his platoon was held up by uncut wire and a machine-gun causing many casualties, Private Robertson dashed to an opening on the flank, rushed the machine-gun and, after a desperate struggle with the crew, killed four and then turned the gun on the remainder, who, overcome by the fierceness of his onslaught, were running towards their own lines. His gallant work enabled the platoon to advance. He inflicted many more casualties among the enemy, and then carrying the captured machine-gun, he led his platoon to the final objective. He there selected an excellent position and got the gun into action, firing on the retreating enemy who by this time were quite demoralised by the fire brought to bear on them. During the consolidation Private Robertson's most determined use of the machine-gun kept down the fire of the enemy snipers his courage and his coolness cheered his comrades and inspired them to the finest efforts. Later, when two of our snipers were badly wounded in front of our trench, he went out and carried one of them in under very severe fire He was killed just as he returned with the second man.
    Lance Dafadar Gobind Singh, Indian Cavalry. For most conspicuous bravery and devotion to duty in thrice volunteering to carry messages between the regiment and Brigade Headquarters, a distance of 1 1/2 miles over open ground which was under the observation and heavy fire of the enemy. He succeeded each time in delivering his message, although on each occasion his horse was shot and he was compelled to finish his journey on foot.

The Most Honourable Order of the Bath[edit]

Civilian star of the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (KGCB)[edit]
Military Division[edit]

    Army

    General Sir Herbert Charles Onslow Plumer GCMG GCVO KCB ADC

    Indian Army

    General Sir Robert Irvin Scallon KCB KCIE DSO

    Honorary Knight Grand Cross

    Honorary Lieutenant-General His Highness Maharaja Bahadur, Sir Pertab Singh GCSI GCVO KCB ADC of Jodhpur, in recognition of the services rendered by the native States of India during the War

Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB)[edit]
Military Division[edit]

    Royal Navy

    Vice-Admiral Sir Cecil Fiennes Thursby KCMG
    Rear-Admiral Alexander Ludovic Duff CB
    Colonel David Mercer CB Royal Marine Light Infantry

    Army

    Major-General James Aylmer Lowthorpe Haldane CB DSO
    Major-General Alexander Hamilton Gordon CB
    Major-General Herbert Edward Watts CB CMG
    Lieutenant-General George Francis Milne CB DSO
    Major-General Edmund Guy Tulloch Bainbridge CB
    Major-General Hugh Montague Trenchard CB DSO
    Major-General William Bernard Hickie CB
    Major-General Sydney Turing Barlow Lawford CB
    Major-General The Honourable William Lambton CB CMG CVO DSO
    Major-General George Montague Harper CB DSO
    Lieutenant-General Frederick Rudolph Lambart, Earl of Cavan KP CB MVO
    Major-General Arthur Edward Aveling Holland CB MVO DSO
    Major-General Harold Bridgwood Walker CB DSO
    Major-General Charles Patrick Amyatt Hull CB
    Major-General Victor Arthur Couper CB
    Lieutenant-General Henry Merrick Lawson CB
    Surgeon-General Sir David Bruce CB FRS FRCP MB late Army Medical Service
    Major-General Edward Stanislaus Bulfin CB CVO Colonel, Yorkshire Regiment, for valuable services rendered in connection with the Military Operations culminating in the capture of Jerusalem
    Major-General Sir Philip Walhouse Chetwode Bt KCMG CB DSO for valuable services rendered in connection with the Military Operations culminating in the capture of Jerusalem

    Australian Imperial Force

    Major-General John Monash CB
    Colonel Joseph John Talbot Hobbs CB

    Canadian Force

    Colonel Sir Arthur William Currie KCMG CB
    Colonel David Watson CB CMG
    Major-General Sir Richard Ernest William Turner VC KCMG CB DSO General Officer Commanding Canadian Forces in the United Kingdom

    New Zealand Force

    Temp Major-General Sir Andrew Hamilton Russell KCMG CB

    South African Force

    Honorary Colonel Henry Timson Lukin CB CMG DSO

    Honorary Knight Commander

    Honorary Major-General His Highness Maharaja Sir Ganga Singh Bahadur GCSI GCIE ADC of Bikaner, in recognition of the services rendered by the native States of India during the War

Civil Division[edit]

    Surgeon General William Henry Norman CB RN
    Engineer Vice-Admiral George Goodwin Goodwin CB
    Surgeon-General George Lenthal Cheatle CB CVO FRCS RN
    Paymaster-in-Chief John Henry George Chapple CB CVO RN
    Honorary Colonel Thomas Ainslie Lunham CB late Cork Royal Garrison Artillery Militia
    Alfred Daniel Hall, Secretary to the Board of Agriculture
    Sir George Newman MD Principal Medical Officer to the Board of Education

Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB)[edit]
Military Division[edit]

    Royal Navy

    Rear-Admiral Thomas Dawson Lees Sheppard MVO
    Rear-Admiral James Andrew Fergusson
    Rear-Admiral Allen Thomas Hunt CSI
    Rear-Admiral Vivian Henry Gerald Bernard
    Rear-Admiral Edmund Hyde Parker
    Captain George Holmes Borrett ADC
    Captain George Henry Baird
    Captain Edward Reeves
    Captain Thomas Drummond Pratt
    Captain William Wordsworth Fisher MVO
    Captain Robert Nesham Bax
    Captain William Henry Dudley Boyle

    Army

    Surgeon-General Richard Henry Stewart Sawyer CMG MB late Army Medical Service
    Major-General Reginald Byng Stephens CMG
    Major-General Herbert Crofton Campbell Uniacke CMG
    Major-General Philip Geoffrey Twining CMG MVO
    Major-General William Charles Giffard Heneker DSO
    Major-General Thomas Herbert John Chapman Goodwin CMG DSO Director-General, Army Medical Service[11]
    Colonel and Honorary Brigadier-General Cecil Vernon Wingfield-Stratford CMG
    Colonel Robert Hammill Firth FRCS Army Medical Service
    Colonel Ernest Reuben Charles Butler CMG FRCVS
    Colonel and Honorary Surgeon-General Bruce Morland Skinner CMG MVO Army Medical Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Frederick Smith CMG DSO late Royal Army Medical Corps
    Colonel William John Chesshyre Butler
    Colonel Richard Orlando Kellett CMG
    Colonel Thomas Wyatt Hale CMG Army Ordnance Depot
    Colonel Herbert de Touffreville Phillips CMG
    Surgeon-General Henry Neville Thompson CMG DSO MB Army Medical Service
    Colonel Colquhoun Scott Dodgson CMG
    Colonel Edwin Henry de Vere Atkinson CMG CIE
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel James Wilfred Stirling CMG Royal Artillery
    Colonel Percy Agnew Bainbridge CMG Army Ordnance Depot
    Colonel Anthony John Luther, Army Medical Service
    Colonel James Matthew Forrest Shine, Army Medical Service
    Colonel James Barnett Wilson CMG MD Army Medical Service
    Colonel Foster Reuss Newland CMG MB Army Medical Service
    Colonel Hugh Champneys Thurston CMG Army Medical Service
    Colonel Hugh Gilbert Casson CMG
    Colonel Cecil Lothian Nicholson CMG
    Colonel The Honourable Charles Strathavon Heathcote-Drummond-Willoughby CMG Reserve of Officers
    Honorary Colonel Charles Loftus Bates CMG DSO Yeomanry
    Temp Colonel Alfred Herbert Tubby CMG MB FRCS Army Medical Service
    Temp Colonel Sidney Maynard Smith MB FRCS Army Medical Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Cecil Edward Pereira CMG Coldstream Guards
    Major and Brevet Colonel Seymour Hulbert Sheppard CMG DSO Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel John Ponsonby CMG DSO Coldstream Guards
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Edward Douglas, Lord Loch CMG MVO DSO Grenadier Guards
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Hamilton Lyster Reed VC CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Edward Henry Willis CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Robert James Bridgford CMG DSO Shropshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel The Honourable John Francis Gathorne-Hardy DSO Grenadier Guards
    Major and Brevet Colonel Arthur Crawford Daly, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Colonel James Ronald Edmondstone Charles DSO Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Alexander Ernest Wardrop CMG Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Colonel Warren Hastings Anderson, Cheshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Arthur Ernest John Perkins, Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Frederick Cuthbert Poole CMG DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Colonel Thomas Herbert Shoubridge CMG DSO Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel John Campbell CMG DSO Cameron Highlanders
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Cyril Maxwell Ross-Johnson CMG DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel John Guy Rotton CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Edward Spencer Hoare Nairne CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet-Colonel Percy Orr Hazelton CMG Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Hugo Douglas de Pree CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Henry Hugh Tudor CMG Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Colonel Torquhil George Matheson, Coldstream Guards
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Hugh Maude de Fellenberg Montgomery, Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Colonel Nelson Graham Anderson CMG DSO Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel George Jasper Farmar CMG Worcestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Harry Dudley Ossulston Ward CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel George Sidney Clive DSO Grenadier Guards
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Ben Atkinson CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Percy Pollexfen de Blaquiere Radcliffe DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Alexander Anderson McHardy CMG DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Julian McCarty Steele CMG Coldstream Guards
    Major and Brevet Colonel Samuel Herbert Wilson CMG Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Charles William Gwynn CMG DSO Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Colonel Cyril John Deverell, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Louis James Lipsett CMG Royal Irish Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Neville John Gordon Cameron CMG Cameron Highlanders
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Robert Clement Gore CMG Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Colonel Bartholomew George Price CMG DSO Royal Fusiliers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Honorary Colonel Charles Joseph Trimble CMG Reserve
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Russell Aldridge CSI CMG MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Wilfred Spedding Swabey CMG Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Charles Massy DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Percy Douglas Hamilton CMG Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles William Compton CMG Somerset Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Gibb, Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Jamieson Elles DSO Royal Engineers, and Tank Corps
    Major Stanley Fielder Mott, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major James Gilbert Shaw Mellor CMG
    Temp Brigadier-General Raymond de Candolle, Special List
    Colonel Alexander Dunstan Sharp CMG FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Finlayson Dewar, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Surgeon-General Francis John Jencken MB Army Medical Services
    Colonel Stewart Dalrymple Cleeve, late Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Arthur James Kelly, late Royal Engineers
    Colonel Bridges George Lewis DSO
    Colonel Reynell Hamilton Bayley Taylor, Army Ordnance Depot
    Colonel Frederick Charles Lloyd
    Colonel Richard William Breeks
    Colonel George Francis Henry le Breton-Simmons
    Colonel Geoffrey Dominic Close, Royal Engineers
    Colonel Dudley Howard Ridout CMG
    Colonel William Coates CB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Colonel Arthur Cecil Currie CMG
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Meade James Crosbie-Dennis, Royal Artillery
    Colonel Claude John Perceval CMG DSO Royal Artillery
    Colonel George Fraser Phillips CMG
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Honorary Colonel William Charles Wright (retired), Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Colonel Robert Hutchison DSO Dragoon Guards
    Temp Colonel Howard Henry Tooth CMG MD Army Medical Service
    Major and Brevet Colonel Basil Ferguson Burnett-Hitchcock DSO Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel William George Sackville Benson, Army Pay Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel Achilles Samut CMG Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant-Colonel Reginald Seward Ruston, Army Pay Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Julian John Leverson CMG late Royal Engineers
    Temp Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel George Seaton Buchanan MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Harry Osborne Mance CMG DSO Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Andrew Balfour CMG MD FRCP Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Markham Carter, Indian Medical Service
    Colonel Knightley Stalker Dunsterville, late Indian Ordnance Department
    Colonel Andrew Laurie Macfie, late Liverpool Regiment
    Colonel Patrick William Hendry, late Highland Light Infantry and Volunteer Force
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest William Greg, Cheshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Robert Ludlow CB late Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Colonel William Charles Douglas DSO late Royal Highlanders
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Llewellen Palmer, late Yeomanry

    Australian Imperial Force

    Colonel Henry Gordon Bennett CMG
    Colonel Charles Henry Brand CMG DSO
    Colonel Thomas William Glasgow CMG DSO
    Colonel James Heane CMG DSO
    Colonel Granville de Laune Ryrie CMG
    Colonel Alfred Sutton CMG Australian Army Medical Corps

    Canadian Force

    Colonel Frederick Gault Finley, Canadian Army Medical Service
    Colonel Alexander McDougall, Canadian Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Whipple Bancroft Morrison CMG DSO Canadian Artillery

    New Zealand Force

    Colonel Charles Mackie Begg CMG MD FRCS New Zealand Medical Corps

    Indian Army

    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Herbert Campbell Holman CMG DSO
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel William Bernard James CIE MVO
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Alfred William Fortescue Knox
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Frederic George Lucas DSO Gurkhas
    Major-General Henry John Milnes MacAndrew DSO
    Colonel Francis Clifton Muspratt CMG DSO
    Colonel Charles Gordon Prendergast
    Colonel Charles Wyndham Somerset CMG MVO
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Robert Edward Vaughan

Civil Division[edit]

    Rear-Admiral the Honourable Edward Stafford Fitzherbert
    Surgeon-General Arthur Edmunds FRCS RN
    Surgeon-General William Wenmoth Pryn RN
    Surgeon-General James Lawrence Smith MVO RN
    Engineer Rear-Admiral William Frederick Pamphlett
    Engineer Rear-Admiral Edouard Gaudin
    Captain Sir Douglas Egremont Robert Brownrigg Bt RN
    Colonel Commandant Charles Ernest Curtoys, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Captain Stanley Talbot Dean-Pitt RN
    Captain Frank Osborne Creagh-Osborne RN
    Deputy Surgeon-General Daniel Joseph Patrick McNabb RN
    Paymaster-in-Chief James Bramble RN
    Colonel Charles Grisborne Brittan, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Engineer Captain Robert Bland Dixon RN
    Frederick William Kite MICE
    Major Arthur Handley, retired pay, Reserve of Officers Assistant Director of Artillery, War Office
    Charles Henry Wellesley, Baron Nunburnholme DSO HM Lieutenant for the East Riding of Yorkshire, President, East Riding Territorial Force Association
    Charles Mackinnon Douglas DL Chairman, Lanarkshire Territorial Force Association
    Colonel Henry Whistler Smith-Rewse CVO Retired pay, Secretary, Devonshire Territorial Force Association
    Colonel Richard Thompson, retired pay, Secretary, Cheshire Territorial Force Association
    Major Godfrey Richard Conyngham Stuart DL Retired pay, Secretary, Suffolk and Cambridgeshire Territorial Force Associations
    Captain Henry Littleton Wheeler DSO Retired pay, Secretary, Staffordshire Territorial Force Association
    John Anderson, Secretary of the National Health Insurance Commission, England, now Secretary to the Ministry of Shipping
    Horace Perkins Hamilton, Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer
    Arthur Henry Payne, Comptroller of Companies Department, Board of Trade
    Basil Alfred Kemball-Cook, Admiralty
    Francis Lewis Castle Floud, Assistant Secretary to the Board of Agriculture, now acting as Director of Local Organisation Division of Food Production Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Edgeworth-Johnstone, Chief Commissioner, Dublin Metropolitan Police
    Ewan Francis Macpherson, Legal Member of the Local Government Board for Scotland
    Alfred Hamilton Norway, Assistant Secretary to the General Post Office
    William Sanger, Assistant Secretary to The Ministry of Pensions
    Maurice Lyndham Waller, Prison Commissioner, Head of Prisoners of War Division
    Mark Manley Waller, Director of Stores, Admiralty

The Most Exalted Order of the Star of India[edit]

Star of a Knight Grand Commander of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of India
Knight Commander (KCSI)[edit]

    George Rivers Lowndes KC an Ordinary Member of the Council of the Governor-General of India
    His Highness Maharajadhiraja Maharawal Jawahir Singh Bahadur of Jaisalmer, Rajputana
    Sir Archdale Earle KCIE Indian Civil Service, Chief Commissioner of Assam
    Stuart Mitford Fraser CSI CIE Indian Civil Service, Political Department, Resident at Hyderabad
    John Stratheden Campbell CSI CIE Indian Civil Service, Junior Member, Board of Revenue, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, and a Member of the Council of the Lieutenant-Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    Frank George Sly CSI Indian Civil Service, Commissioner, Central Provinces

In recognition of the services rendered by the native States of India during the War

    His Highness Maharaja Lakendra Govind Singh Bahadur of Datia
    His Highness Maharajadhiraja Sri Sawai Maharaj Rana Udai Bhan Singh Lokindar Bahadur of Dholpur

Companion (CSI)[edit]

    Henry Cecil Ferard CIE Indian Civil Service, Commissioner of Allahabad, United Provinces, and a Member of the Council of the Lieutenant-Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    Charles Evelyn Arbuthnot William Oldham, Indian Civil Service, Commissioner, Patna Division, Bihar and Orissa, and an Additional Member of the Council of the Lieutenant-Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    Evan Maconochie, Indian Civil Service, Agent to the Governor, Kathiawar, Bombay Presidency
    Francis Coope French, Indian Civil Service, Commissioner, Dacca Division, Bengal
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Charles William Grant Richardson, Indian Army, Deputy Quartermaster-General in India, lately Deputy Adjutant-General, Army Headquarters
    Major Arthur Prescott Trevor CIE Indian Army, Deputy Political Resident, Persian Gulf
    Horatio Norman Bolton CIE Indian Civil Service, Political Department, Deputy Commissioner, Peshawar, North-West Frontier Province
    Louis James Kershaw CIE Indian Civil Service (retired), Secretary, Revenue and Statistics Department, India Office

The Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George[edit]

Star of the Order of Saint Michael and Saint George
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG)[edit]

    Lieutenant-General Sir Cecil Frederick Nevil Macready KCB KCMG Adjutant-General to the Forces
    Lieutenant-General Sir John Steven Cowans KCB MVO Quartermaster-General to the Forces
    Temp Surgeon-General Sir George Henry Makins KCMG CB FRCS
    The Honourable Sir Francis Hyde Villiers GCVO KCMG CB His Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Majesty the King of the Belgians

Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG)[edit]

    Vice-Admiral Frederick Charles Tudor Tudor CB
    Rear-Admiral Edward Francis Benedict Charlton CB
    Rear-Admiral Sir Osmond de Beauvoir Brock KCVO CB CMG
    Rear-Admiral Richard Fortescue Phillimore CB MVO
    Major-General Charles Tyrwhitt Dawkins CB CMG
    Major-General Sir George Frederick Gorringe KCB CMG DSO late Royal Engineers
    Colonel Robert Whyte Melville Jackson CB CMG Army Ordnance Depot
    Colonel and Honorary Major-General Harold Daniel Edmund Parsons CB CMG Army Ordnance Depot
    Surgeon-General William Grant Macpherson CB CMG MB Army Medical Service
    Major-General William Henry Rycroft CB CMG
    Colonel and Honorary Brigadier-General Francis Sudlow Garratt CB CMG DSO
    General Sir Henry Seymour Rawlinson Bt GCVO KCB
    Lieutenant-General Sir Charles Fergusson Bt KCB MVO DSO
    Lieutenant-General Sir Ronald Charles Maxwell KCB late Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-General Sir Launcelot Edward Kiggell KCB
    Lieutenant-General Sir Henry Sinclair Horne KCB
    Major-General Sir Charles St. Leger Barter KCB CVO
    Major-General John Adye CB
    Major-General Sir Edward Ritchie Coryton Graham KCB Cheshire Regiment
    Major-General Sir Henry Fuller Maitland Wilson KCB
    Major-General Sir Richard Cyril Byrne Haking KCB
    Major-General Harvey Frederic Mercer CB
    Major-General Frederic Manley Glubb CB DSO
    Major-General Charles James Briggs KCB
    Major-General Sir George Henry Fowke KCB
    Major-General Sir John Joseph Asser KCVO CB
    Major-General Richard Harte Keatinge Butler CB
    Major-General Richard Henry Ewart CB CIE DSO
    Major-General James Frederick Noel Birch CB
    Major-General John Sharman Fowler CB DSO
    Temp Major-General Philip Arthur Manley Nash CB
    Colonel and Honorary Surgeon-General James Murray Irwin CB MB late Army Medical Service
    Colonel and Honorary Surgeon-General James Maher CB late Army Medical Service
    Temp Colonel James Purves Stewart CB MD FRCP Army Medical Service
    Temp Colonel Thomas Crisp English CMG MB FRCS Army Medical Service
    Colonel George James Butcher CB CMG Army Ordnance Depot
    Honorary Major-General Fred Smith CB CMG FRCVS Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Temp Colonel Archibald Edward Garrod CMG MD FRS Army Medical Service
    Lieutenant-General Sir Herbert Eversley Belfield KCB DSO Colonel, West Riding Regiment
    Major-General The Honourable Cecil Edward Bingham CB CVO
    Major-General Frederick Barton Maurice CB
    Major-General The Honourable Francis Richard Bingham CB
    Colonel and Honorary Surgeon-General Michael William Russell CB late Army Medical Service
    Temp Colonel Charles Alfred Ballance CB MVO MB FRCS Army Medical Service
    Major-General Louis Jean Bols CB DSO For services rendered rendered in connection with the Military Operations culminating in the capture of Jerusalem.

Australian Imperial Force

    Major-General The Honourable James Whiteside McCay CB Australian Imperial Force

Colonial List

    His Honour Frank Stillman Barnard, Lieutenant-Governor of the Province of British Columbia
    Horace Archer Byatt CMG Civil Administrator, German East Africa
    Major-General Samuel Benfield Steele CB MVO Canadian Militia
    Herbert James Read CB CMG Assistant Under-Secretary of State, Colonial Office
    The Honourable John Mark Davies, President of the Legislative Council of the State of Victoria

Honorary Knight Commander

    Adly Yeghen Pasha, Minister of Education in the Egyptian Government

Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG)[edit]

    Captain Henry George Glas Sandeman RN
    Captain James William Combe RN
    Captain George Bingham Powell RN
    Captain Frederic Godfrey Bird RN DSO
    Captain David Murray Anderson RN MVO
    Captain Percy Molyneux Rawson Royds RN
    Captain Charles Samuel Wills RN DSO
    Captain Charles Laverock Lambe RN DSO
    Engineer Captain Archie Russell Emdin RN
    Commander Harold Escombe RN
    Commander Donald John Munro RN
    Commander Fitzmaurice Acton RN
    Commander Ferdinand Halford Elderton RN DSO
    Commander Archibald Cochrane RN
    Fleet-Paymaster Charles Edward Allen Woolley RN
    Paymaster Tom Seaman RN
    Fleet-Paymaster Charles Henry Rowe RN
    Fleet-Paymaster Charles Ernest Batt RN
    Fleet-Surgeon Edward Henry Meaden RN
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Doveton Bridges, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Major Henry Cleeve Benett, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Commander David George Hogarth, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Colonel Jonas Hamilton du Boulay Travers CB
    Colonel William Arthur Murray Thompson CB
    Colonel Cyril Henry Leigh James CB
    Colonel St. John William Topp Parker CB
    Colonel Charles Marling Cartwright CB Indian Army
    Colonel Arthur Herbert Hussey CB
    Colonel John Gordon Geddes CB
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet-Colonel Thomas James Atherton CB
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Alexander Vaughan Payne, late Wiltshire Regiment
    Colonel Edward Ranulph Kenyon CB
    Colonel Walter Charteris Ross CB
    Colonel Acton Lemuel Schreiber CB DSO ADC Royal Engineers
    Colonel Disney John Menzies Fasson CB Royal Artillery
    Colonel George Strachan Cartwright CB
    Colonel Gardiner Humphreys CB DSO
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Godfrey Massy
    Colonel Charles Cunliffe-Owen CB
    Colonel Arundel Martyn, General List
    Colonel Philip Cecil Harcourt Gordon, Army Medical Service
    Colonel Charles Joseph MacDonald MD Army Medical Service
    Colonel Edward George Browne CB Army Medical Service
    Colonel Samuel Guise Moores CB Army Medical Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Howard Ensor DSO MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Colonel Colin Lawrence Macnab
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Charles Stuart Wilson CB Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Herbert Edward John Brake CB DSO Royal Artillery
    Colonel Martin Newman Turner CB
    Major and Brevet Colonel Clement Yatman DSO Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Pomeroy Holland-Pryor MVO DSO Indian Army
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Sydney Fortescue Metcalfe DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Geoffrey Herbert Anthony White DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Arthur Wharton Peck, Indian Cavalry
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Mervyn St. George Kirke DSO Royal Artillery
    Temp Colonel William Pasteur MD Army Medical Service
    Major and Brevet Colonel Gerald Farrell Boyd DSO Royal Irish Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Thomas Stanton Lambert, East Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel John Samuel Jocelyn Percy DSO East Lancashire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Colonel Percival Otway Hambro, Hussars
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Tilson Hudson, Indian Medical Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Bromley-Davenport DSO Reserve
    Lieutenant-Colonel Philip John Joseph Radcliffe, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Maurice Spencer, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Ambrose Cardew DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Carden Freeth Gillespie CB Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Daniel Davis Shanahan DSO Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Ernest Onslow Campbell Blunt, Army Pay Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Jenkins Brock DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward John Russell Peel DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil William Davy, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Augustus Stewart Cape, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Cecil Lowe DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ulric Oliver Thynne DSO Yeomanry
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Honorary Colonel William Dutton Burrard, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Henry Charles Patrick Bellingham DSO General List
    Colonel Ernest William Bliss DSO Army Medical Service
    Colonel Alfred Ernest Conquer Keble DSO Army Medical Service
    Temp Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel Nathan Raw MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil Walter Paget DSO Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Philip Leveson Gower DSO Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Anderson DSO Highland Light Infantry
    Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel Percy George Davies, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward William Saurin Brooke DSO Royal Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Frederick Orby Gascoigne DSO Grenadier Guards
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Herbert Francis Price DSO Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Birnie Mackenzie DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Frederick Moores DSO Army Service Corps
    Colonel Charles William Profeit DSO MB Army Medical Service
    Colonel Robert James Blackham CIE DSO Army Medical Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel Horace Giesler Lloyd DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Percy Cyriac Burrell Skinner DSO Northamptonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Charles Eric Rudkin DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Bertram Hewett Hunter Cooke DSO Rifle Brigade
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Nicholson Broadbent DSO King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Richard Careless Sanders DSO Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Gabbett Parker DSO Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Thackeray Beckwith DSO Hampshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Harding Newman DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Arthur Wynter DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Francis Innes Hay Doyle DSO Royal Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Cyril Aubrey Blacklock DSO General List
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Evans DSO Wiltshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Douglas Logan DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel George Ayscough Armytage DSO King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel John Vaughan Campbell VC DSO Coldstream Guards
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel William Harry Verelst Darell DSO Coldstream Guards
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart William Hughes Rawlins DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Michael Browne DSO Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Llewelyn Alberic Emilius Price-Davies VC DSO King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Cecil Potter DSO Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Arthur Fagan DSO Indian Army
    Temp Lieutenant Colonel John Anselm Samuel Gray DSO Special List
    Lieutenant-Colonel Manners Ralph Wilmott Nightingale DSO Indian Army
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Geoffrey Harnett Harrisson DSO Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Bagot Pearson, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Frank Percy Crozier DSO General List
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles William Wilkinson DSO Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Ellershaw DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Richard Newman DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Reginald Seaburne May DSO Royal Fusiliers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Guy Hamilton Boileau DSO Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Edmund William Costello DSO Indian Army
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Harvey Kearsley DSO Dragoon Guards
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Lacy Challenor DSO Leicestershire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Francis James Marshall DSO Seaforth Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Frank Graham Marsh, Indian Army
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Sir William Algernon Ireland Kay Bt DSO King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick William Lawrence Sheppard Hart Cavendish DSO Lancers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Wolryche Stansfield DSO Yorkshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel John Edward Spencer Brind DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel George Henry Addison DSO Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel William Edmund Ironside DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Gordon-Finlayson DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Alan Thomas Paley DSO Rifle Brigade
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel James Keith Dick-Cunyngham DSO Gordon Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Stewart Montague-Bates DSO East Surrey Regiment
    Captain and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Guy Payan Dawnay MVO DSO late Coldstream Guards
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Henry Starling MD FRCP FRS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Leonard Stanley Dudgeon FRCP Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis William Gosset DSO Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Hamilton Hall DSO Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Norwood Blakeney DSO Middlesex Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Jervois Turner DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Clifford Rodes Green DSO King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel George Dominic Price, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles George Lewes DSO Essex Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Gerald Edward Bayley DSO York & Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Kaye Legge DSO Essex Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Emile Shepherd Prentice DSO Highland Light Infantry
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Hereward Wake Bt DSO King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Rodolph Ladeveze Adlercron DSO Cameron Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Howard Foulkes DSO Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Weyland Martin Powell DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Clennell William Collingwood DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Percival Suther DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Harold St. John Loyd Winterbotham DSO Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Wollaston Bartholomew DSO Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil Percival Heywood DSO Coldstream Guards
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Harry Beauchamp Douglas Baird DSO Indian Army
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Tom Ince Webb-Bowen, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Roger Headlam DSO York & Lancaster Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Norman William Webber DSO Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Walter William Pitt-Taylor DSO Rifle Brigade
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert John Collins DSO Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Ogston DSO Gordon Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Gervase Thorpe DSO Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Winston Joseph Dugan DSO Worcestershire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis James Comyn DSO Connaught Rangers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Samuel Owen DSO Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Clifton Inglis Stockwell DSO Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Harry Lyon DSO North Staffordshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Hardwicke Spooner DSO Lancashire Fusiliers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Pelham Burn DSO Gordon Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel John Greer Dill DSO Leinster Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Courtenay Hawtrey DSO Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Brodie Haldane Henderson, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Hyde Hamilton Gordon DSO General List
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Clement Wilkinson DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Edward Trevor DSO Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Major Francis Jenkins, Coldstream Guards
    Major Percy Gerald Parker Lea DSO Army Service Corps
    Major Henry Warburton Hill DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Major Roger Gordon Thomson DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Gerald Carew Sladen DSO MC Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher D'Arcy Bloomfield Saltern Baker-Carr DSO Tank Corps
    Major John Edmund Hugh Balfour DSO late Hussars
    Major Alexander James King DSO late Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Major George Simpson Pitcairn, Royal Engineers
    Major Vaughan Randolph Hine-Haycock DSO late Royal Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Major Rudolph Edmund Aloysius, Viscount Feilding DSO Coldstream Guards
    Captain and Brevet Major Cyril Edward Wilson DSO late East Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Bryan Charles Fairfax, New Armies
    Colonel The Right Honourable John Edward Bernard Seely CB DSO Yeomanry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Saxby Barham, London Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Elliott Batt, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick William Duffield Bendall, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Lionel Leonard Bilton, Worcestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Delabere Bousfield DSO West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Chapman DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Joyce Clarke DSO Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Clifford, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Charles Copeman DSO Suffolk Regiment (late Essex Regiment)
    Lieutenant-Colonel Clarence Isidore Ellis, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Archibald Stewart Leslie, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick William Schofield, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel John William Slater, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Henry Douglas Charlton Whitmore DSO Yeomanry
    Major-General Raymond Northland Revell Reade CB
    Colonel William Pitt
    Colonel Thomas Ryder Main CB
    Colonel Arthur Henry Bagnold CB
    Colonel William Hodgson Suart
    Colonel Henry Richard Beadon Donne CB
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Alfred Keene DSO late Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel William Augustus Edmund St. Clair, late Royal Engineers
    Colonel Frederick Rainsford-Hannay CB
    Colonel Charles Henry Darling
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Percy Rice Mockler, late Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Honorary Colonel Sir Herbert Merton Jessel Bt London Regiment and Remount Service
    Colonel and Honorary Brigadier-General Hugh James Archdale CB
    Major and Brevet Colonel Edward Bell, late Worcestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Joseph Griffiths MD FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Colonel Charles Edwin Nuthall CB
    Colonel Guy William Fitton, Army Pay Department
    Colonel George Francis Milner DSO
    Colonel Arnaud Clarke Painter
    Colonel and Honorary Brigadier-General Frank Grimshaw Lagier Lamotte
    Colonel Louis Peile Carden
    Colonel Arthur Ludovic Molesworth
    Colonel Charles Pye Oliver MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Colonel and Honorary Brigadier-General Philip Thomas Buston CB DSO
    Colonel Edward Bickford
    Colonel Ernest Augustus Tudor Tudor
    Colonel Frederick Charlton Meyrick CB Late Major, Hussars
    Colonel Harold Stephen Langhorne CB Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Wilkinson Dent Bird CB DSO ADC
    Colonel Charles Henderson Melville MB Army Medical Service
    Colonel Malcolm David Graham CB Assistant Military Secretary, War Office
    Temp Honorary Colonel Sir John Collie MD Army Medical Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel John George Adamson, late King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Arthur Coghill Somerville, late Royal Sussex Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur de Courcy Scanlan, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Denziloe Sanderson DSO North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel Harry Richard Kenwood MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel John Robertson MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Ward MP Middlesex Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel John Charles Grant Ledingham MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Honorary Colonel Alfred Briffa, King's Own Malta Regiment of Militia
    Major Frederick Knight Essell, late East Kent Regiment
    Major Henry Charles Bulkeley DSO
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Morley Wenyon MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Andrew Micklem DSO Retired pay
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Monk Gibbon, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert May Wetherell, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Godfrey Howorth, Royal Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Treharne Andrews, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel George Basil Price MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Duncan le Geyt Pitcher, Indian Army
    Lieutenant-Colonel Stanley Clarence Halse, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel William Dundas Dooner, Army Ordnance Depot
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Walter Radcliffe CIE Dorsetshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur John Bromley Church, Army Pay Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hamlet Bush Toller, Army Pay Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil de Sausmarez DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Stewart Anderson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Parry, Army Pay Department
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Sir William Henry Houghton-Gastrell MP Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Egerton Edwards, Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Kenneth Marten Body, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Lindsay Lloyd
    Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel Alfred James Foster, Northumberland Fusiliers, late Royal Garrison Artillery, Militia
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Richard Blackstone Owen, Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis Frederick Renny DSO Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Henry More, late Imperial Yeomanry, Assistant Military Secretary, War Office
    Major Charles Edward Norton, late Royal Engineers
    Major the Honorauble Alexander Victor Frederick Villiers Russell MVO Grenadier Guards
    Major Lionel George Tempest Stone, Royal Fusiliers
    Major John Sedley Newton de Joux, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Major Francis Vernon Willey, Yeomanry
    Major James George Weir, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major Arthur John Allen-Williams MICE Royal Engineers
    Captain Cecil Henry Whittington, Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Honorary Colonel Hugh Henry John Williams Drummond, late Yeomanry
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Honorary Colonel Lionel Richard Cavendish Boyle MVO late Honourable Artillery Company
    Lieutenant-Colonel Stanley Hatch Page, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Osmond Robert McMullen, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Fred Keen, Royal Engineers
    Major Thomas Wardrop Griffith MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Mitchell Roocroft, Royal Army Medical Corps

Australian Imperial Force

    Major-General Cyril Brudenell Bingham White CB DSO ADC
    Colonel George Walter Barber DSO Medical Corps
    Colonel Thomas Albert Blamey DSO Infantry
    Colonel Charles Frederick Cox CB Commonwealth Military Forces
    Colonel Walter Adams Coxen DSO Commonwealth Military Forces
    Colonel Robert Rupert Major Downes, Medical Corps
    Colonel Walter Ramsay McNicoll DSO Infantry
    Colonel Robert Smith DSO Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Harold Edward Cohen DSO Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Arthur Kendall, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond Lionel Leane DSO MC Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Fowell Martin DSO Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Athelstan Markham Martyn DSO Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Gordon Norman Miles DSO Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Windeyer Ralston DSO Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Henry Scott DSO Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Cattell Somerville DSO
    Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Howard Tunbridge CB Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Thomas White, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Cyril Tracy Griffiths
    Senior Chaplain James Green
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Gordon, Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Lionel James Hurley, attd. Australian Imperial Force
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Hodges Knox
    Lieutenant-Colonel Douglas Murray McWhae, Army Medical Corps
    Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel James Anderson Murdoch, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Kenneth Smith, Army Medical Corps

Canadian Force

    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Marshall Dyer DSO Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Antrobus Griesbach DSO Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederic William Hill DSO Infantry
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel James Howden MacBrien DSO Dragoons
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Henry MacLaren DSO Artillery
    Major Howard Lionel Bodwell DSO Pioneers
    Major Édouard de Bellefeuille Panet DSO Artillery
    Colonel John Alexander Armstrong
    Colonel Ernest Charles Ashton
    Colonel Kenneth Cameron, Army Medical Corps
    Colonel George Septimus Rennie, Army Medical Corps
    Colonel Wallace Arthur Scott, Army Medical Corps
    Colonel Walter Langmuir Watt, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Louis Regan, Royal Army Pay Corps
    Major John Andrew Amyot, Army Medical Corps
    Major Bernard Rickert Hepburn, Forestry Corps
    Temp Honorary Major George Anderson Wells, Chaplain Services

New Zealand Force

    Lieutenant-Colonel Norris Stephen Falla DSO New Zealand Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Thompson Hall, Army Service Corps
    Major Thomas Henry Dawson, Infantry
    Major Thomas Mill MB FRCS Medical Corps
    Major Norton Francis, Motor Service Corps

South African Force

    Colonel Stanley Archibald Markham Pritchard, Native Labour Corps

Colonial List

    Philip Arnold Anthony, General Manager of the Federated Malay States Railways
    Algernon Edward Aspinall, Secretary, The West India Committee
    Lieutenant-Colonel Louis Edward Barnett, New Zealand Medical Corps
    Harry Fagg Batterbee, of the Colonial Office, Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for the Colonies
    Rodolphe Boudreau, Clerk of the Privy Council for Canada
    Peter Joseph McDermott ISO Under-Secretary, Chief Secretary's Department, State of Queensland
    Arthur Mews, Deputy Colonial Secretary, Newfoundland
    The Honourable William Bispham Propsting, Attorney-General and Minister for Railways of the State of Tasmania
    Theodorus Gustaff Truter, Commissioner of Police, Union of South Africa
    Robert Walter, Colonial Secretary of the Colony of British Honduras
    Jeremiah Wilson, Postmaster-General, Union of South Africa

Diplomatic and Overseas Residents

    John Charles Tudor Vaughan MVO Counsellor at His Majesty's Embassy at Madrid
    James William Ronald Macleay, Counsellor of Embassy in His Majesty's Diplomatic Service
    Dayrell Eardley Montague Crackanthorpe, Counsellor to His Majesty's Legation at Athens
    Edward Henry John Leslie, of the Foreign Office
    Hugh Gurney MVO First Secretary to His Majesty's Legation at Copenhagen
    Guy Harold Locock, of the Foreign Office, attached to the Department of Commercial Intelligence

Honorary Companions

    His Highness Daudi Chwa, Kabaka of Buganda
    Louis Antonio Andrade, District Commissioner for the Island of Zanzibar

The Most Eminent Order of the Indian Empire[edit]

Riband, badge and star of the Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire
Knight Grand Commander (GCIE)[edit]

    His Highness Maharajadhiraja Sawai Tukoji Rao Holkar Bahadur, of Indore, in recognition of the Services rendered by the Native States of India during the War

Knight Commander (KCIE)[edit]

    John Barry Wood CSI CIE Indian Civil Service, Political Secretary to the Government of India in the Foreign and Political Department, and an Additional Membei of the Council of the Governor-General for making Laws and Regulations
    Bertram Sausmarez Carey CSI CIE VD Burma Commission, Commissioner, Sagaing, Burma, and a Member of the Council of the Lieutenant-Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    Alfred Hamilton Grant CSI CIE Indian Civil Service, Foreign Secretary to the Government of India in the Foreign and Political Department, and an Additional Member of the Council of the Governor-General for making Laws and Regulations
    His Highness Raja Bir Indra Singh, of Rajgarh.
    His Highness Raja Sir Bhure Singh KCSI CIE of Chamba
    His Highness Raja Bhim Sen, of Suket
    Captain His Highness Rana Ranjit Singh, of Barwani Majaraja *Bir Mitradaya Singh Deo, of Sonpur Raja Han Singh, Commander-in-Chief of the Kashmir Army

Honorary Knight Commander

    Abdul Karim Fadthli bin Ah, Sultan of Al Hauta (Lahej)

Companion (CIE)[edit]

    Arthur Herbert Ley, Indian Civil Service, Officiating Secretary, Commerce and Industry Department, Government of India
    Peter Henry Clutterbuck VD Indian Forest Service, Chief Conservator of Forests, United Provinces, and a Member of the Council of the Lieutenant-Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    James Donald, Indian Civil Service, Secretary to Government of Bengal, Financial Department, and an Additional Member of the Council of the Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    William Woodward Hornell, Indian Educational Service, Director of Public Instruction, Bengal, and an Additional Member of the Council of the Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    Harchandrai Vishandas, Pleader, Karachi, President of the Municipal Corporation and an Additional Member of the Council of the Governor of Bombay for making Laws and Regulations
    Thomas Ryan, Finance Accounts Department, Secretary to the Indian Munitions Board
    Arthur William Botham, Indian Civil Service, Second Secretary to the Chief Commissioner, Assam, and a Member of the Council of the Chief Commissioner for making Laws and Regulations
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Henry Francis Cleveland, Indian Medical Service, Deputy Director-General, Indian Medical Service
    Augustus Henry Deane VD His Majesty's Consul for Pondicherry and Karikal
    Lieutenant-Colonel Bawa Jiwan Singh, Indian Medical Service, Inspector-General of Prisons, Bihar and Orissa, and an Additional Member of the Councilof the Lieutenant-Governor for making Laws and Regulations
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Byan Lane, Indian Medical Service, Inspector-General of Prisons, Central Provinces
    Harry Nelson Heseltine, Civil Accounts Department, Accountant-General for Railways, India
    Alexander Langley, Indian Civil Service, Deputy Commissioner of Hoshiarpur, Punjab
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Smith MD Indian Medical Service, Civil Surgeon, Amritsar, Punjab
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis William Hallowes, Supply and Transport Corps, Director of Farms, India
    Major Henry Coddington Brown, Indian Medical Service, Assistant Director, Central Research Institute, Kasauli
    Robert Colquhoun Boyle, Indian Police, Commandant, Frontier Constabulary, North-West Frontier Province
    Lewis Wynne Hartley, Income-Tax Commissioner, Bombay
    Raja Sayyid Abu Jafar, Taluqdar of Pirpur, in the Fyzabad District of Oudh, United Provinces
    Rai Bahadur Pandit Gopinath, Member of Council, Jaipur State, Rajputana
    Jhala Sri Mansinghji Suraj Sinhji, Dewan of Dhrangadhra, Kathiawar, Bombay Presidency
    Khan Bahadur Khan Ahmad Shah, Honorary Sub-Judge and Honorary Magistrate, Jullundur, Punjab
    Assistant Surgeon Kedar Nath Das MD Professor of Midwifery, Campbell Medical School, Calcutta
    Brigadier-General John Latham Rose, Indian Army, Officiating Inspector-General, Imperial Service Troops
    Lieutenant-Colonel Roger Lloyd Kennion, Indian Army, Political Department, Consul at Kermanshah
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Augustus Keppel Gough, Indian Army, Political Department, Consul at Shiraz, Persian Gulf
    Temporary Major John Arnold Wallinger DSO Indian, Police
    Captain Edward William Charles Noel, Indian Army, His Britannic Majesty's Vice-Consul, Ahwaz, and Assistant to Political Resident in Persian Gulf
    His Highness Maharaja Tashi Naingyal, of Sikkim Sao Kawn Kiao Intaleng, Sawbwa of Kengtung

Imperial Order of the Crown of India[edit]

    Her Highness Maji Sahiba Girraj Kaur, of Bharatpur

The Royal Victorian Order[edit]

Insignia of a Knight / Dames Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO)[edit]

    His Highness Maharaja Maharana Sir Fateh Singh Bahadur, of Udaipur GCSI GCIE
    The Right Honourable James, Viscount Bryce OM
    Sir Bertrand Edward Dawson KCVO CB MD (dated 22 December 1917)

Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO)[edit]

    Sir Charles Edward Troup KCB
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Mallinson Rigby FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps (dated 22 December 1917)

Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO)[edit]

    Sidney West Harris CB
    Matthew Walter Gibson MVO ISO
    John Leonard Bolden

Member of the Royal Victorian Order, 4th class (MVO)[edit]

    Lieutenant-Colonel Wyndham Raymond Portal DSO (dated 20 December 1917)
    Staff Surgeon Louis Greis, Royal Navy (dated 22 December 1917)
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Cyril Giffard Alers Hankey
    Captain Augustus Frederick Liddell, late Royal Artillery

The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire[edit]

Insignia of a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)[edit]
Civil Division[edit]

    Her Majesty, Queen Alexandra
    Margaret, Baroness Ampthill CI President of the Bedfordshire Branch of the British Red Cross Society; Member of Council, British Red Cross Society; Head of the Voluntary Aid Detachment Department, Devonshire House
    Edith Isabel Benyon, President of the Berkshire Branch of the British Red Cross Society; Commandant of Englefield House Hospital, near Reading
    Aimee Evelyn, Lady Dawson, Joint Honorary Secretary, Queen Mary's Needlework Guild
    Violet Hermione, Duchess of Montrose, President of the Scottish Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Mary Elizabeth, Viscountess Northcliffe, Member of the Joint Committee of the British Red Cross-Society and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Donor and Administrator of Lady Northcliffe's Hospital for Officers

    Dominion of New Zealand

    Her Excellency Annette Louise, Countess of Liverpool

    British India

    Her Highness Nawab Sultan Jahan Begum GCSI GCIE CI of Bhopal, in recognition of Services rendered by the Native States of India during the War.

Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)[edit]
Civil Division[edit]

    Sir Thomas Dunlop Bt Lord Provost of Glasgow
    William Henry Ellis, Master Cutler of Sheffield
    Sir Richard Charles Garton, Founder of the Garton Foundation for Promoting the Study of International Policy and Economics; Honorary Treasurer of the Trust Fund Committee of Queen Mary's Hostel
    The Right Honourable Sir David Harrel KCB KCVO ISO Chairman of the Committee on Production
    Sir Robert Arundell Hudson, Treasurer and Financial Director of the Joint Committee of the British Red Cross Society and the Order of St. John of Jerusalem in England
    Colonel Sir Arthur Hamilton Lee KCB MP Director-General of Food Production
    Sir William Plender

    Egypt and the Sudan

    General Sir Francis Reginald Wingate GCB GCVO KCMG DSO His Majesty's High Commissioner for Egypt

    British India

In recognition of Services rendered by the Native States of India during the War —

    Lieutenant-General His Highness Maharajadhiraja Sir Pratap Singh Bahadur GCSI GCIE of Jammu and Kashmir
    Major-General His Highness Maharajadhiraja Sir Sawai Madho Singh Bahadur GCSI GCIE GCVO of Jaipur
    Lieutenant-Colonel His Highness Maharao Sir Umed Singh Bahadur GCSI GCIE of Kotah
    Lieutenant-Colonel His Highness Maharahadhiraja Sri Sir Bhupindar Singh Mahindar Bahadur GCIE of Patiala

Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE)[edit]
Civil Division[edit]

    The Honourable Eva Isabella Henrietta Anstruther, Organiser of Soldiers Libraries
    Caroline, Lady Arnott, Vice-President, Soldiers and Sailors Help Society, Dublin
    Maud Burnett, Town Councillor of Tynemouth
    Alice Mary Godman[12]
    Agnes Lowndes, Lady Jekyll, Head of Stores Department, Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Adelaide Livingstone, Secretary of the Government Committee on the Treatment by the Enemy of British Prisoners of War
    Ethel Locke King, Vice-President of North Surrey Division and Assistant County Director, Surrey, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Flora, Lady Lugard, Joint Founder of the War Refugees Committee, and Founder of the Lady Lugard Hospitality Committee
    Margaret Ker Pryse-Rice, President, Carmarthenshire Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Rosamond Cornelia Gwladys, Viscountess Ridley, Donor and Administrator, Lady Ridley's Hospital for Officers
    Edith Harriet, Lady Sclater, President of Lady Sclater's Work Room and Smokes Fund
    Olive Crofton, Lady Smith-Dorrien, President of the Hospital Bag Fund
    Janet Stancomb-Wills
    May Webster, Chairman of the British Women's Hospitals Committee; Chairman of the Three Arts Women's Employment Fund

    Commonwealth of Australia

    Madame Melba, for services in organising patriotic work

    Newfoundland

    Margaret Agnes, Lady Davidson, for services in connection with the Women's Patriotic Association

Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE)[edit]
Military Division[edit]

    Army

    Colonel James Galloway CB Army Medical Service, Chief Commissioner for Medical Services, Ministry of National Service
    Brigadier-General Louis Charles Jackson CB CMG Late Controller of the Trench Warfare Research Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Colonel John Seymour Lloyd CMG Director General of Recruiting, Royal Army Service Corps

Civil Division[edit]

    Francis Arthur Aglen, Inspector-General of the Chinese Maritime Customs
    Frank Baillie, Director of National Aeroplane Factory, Toronto
    Clement Anderson Montague-Barlow MP LLD
    John Field Beale, Vice-Chairman, Royal Commission on Wheat Supplies; Chairman of Allied Wheat Executive
    Colonel Sir George Thomas Beatson KCB MD DL VD Chairman, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Walter Becker
    Andrew Caird, Administrator, New York Headquarters of the British War Mission to the United States of America
    James Cantlie MB FRCS Member of Council and of Executive Committee, British Red Cross Society
    Colonel Charles Frederick Close CB CMG Director-General of the Ordnance Survey of the United Kingdom
    Alfred Thomas Davies CB Founder and Honorary Director of the British Prisoners of War Book Scheme
    Joseph Davies, Representative for Wales and Monmouthshire of the Cabinet Committee for Prevention of Unemployment and Distress
    William Henry Davison
    Alfred Hull Dennis CB Assistant Treasury Solicitor
    The Right Honourable Willoughby Hyett Dickinson MP Chairman of the Soldiers Dependants' Assessment Appeals Committee
    William Don, Lord Provost of Dundee
    Arthur John Dorman, Chairman of Messrs. Dorman, Long and Co., of Middlesbrough
    Bignell George Elliott
    Herbert Trustram Eve, Chairman of the Forage Committee
    Walter Morley Fletcher MD DSc FRS Secretary of the Medical Research Committee
    Sir William Bower Forwood
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Fowler CBE Chief Mechanical Engineer to the Midland Railway; Superintendent of the Royal Aircraft Factory, Farnborough
    Colonel Alexander Gibb, Royal Engineers, of the firm of Messrs. Easton, Gibb and Son
    Kenneth Weldon Goadby MRCS LRCP Member of the War Office Committee for the Study of Tetanus
    Arthur Home Goldfinch, Director of Raw Materials, Department of the Surveyor-General of Supply, War Office
    William Athelstane Meredith Goode, Honorary Secretary of the National Committee for Relief in Belgium
    Alexander Gracie MVO Managing Director of the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Ltd.
    Sir William Grey-Wilson KCMG Chairman of the Central Committee for Patriotic Organisations
    Connop Guthrie, Representative of the Director of Transports in the United States of America
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Hall MP
    Arthur Ambrose Hall Harris, Acting Director of Overseas Transport to the Canadian Government; Representative of the Director of Transports in Canada
    Frederick Ness Henderson, Member of the Admiralty Shipbuilding Council
    Philip Gutterez Henriques, Deputy Controller of Munitions Finance
    Ernest Varvill Hiley, Late Deputy Director of the National Service Department
    Colonel Arthur Richard Holbrook VD DL JP
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Stevenson Home KC Royal Engineers, Director of Materials and Priority, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    George Burton Hunter DSc Chairman of Messrs. Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson & Company, Ltd., Newcastle-on-Tyne
    Gustave Jarmay, Managing Director of Messrs. Brunner, Mond & Co., Ltd.
    Edgar Rees Jones MP Superintendent, Priority Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Roderick Jones, Managing Director, Reuter's Telegram Company, Ltd.
    Charles Halestaff Kenderdine, Honorary Secretary and Treasurer, Queen Mary's Convalescent Auxiliary Hospitals, Roehampton
    Harry Livesey, Director of Navy Contracts, Admiralty; formerly Deputy Director of Inland Water Transport and Docks, War Office
    John Mann, Controller of Contracts, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Harold Marshall MP Chairman of the Central Building Board, of the Parliamentary Munitions Committee, and of the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee
    George Ernest May, Secretary to the Prudential Assurance Company; Manager of the American Dollar Securities Committee
    Peter Hannay McClelland, Member of Advisory Board, Surveyor General of Supply Department, War Office
    James McKechnie, Managing Director of Messrs. Vickers, Ltd., Barrow
    Colonel Andrew Muter John Ogilvie CB Royal Engineers, Director of Army Signals (Home Defence); Second Secretary to the Post Office
    Thomas Henry Penson, Chairman of the War Trade Intelligence Department
    Edward Penton, Junior, in charge of Boot Section, Royal Army Clothing Department
    Frederick George Panizzi Preston, Chairman of Messrs. J. Stone & Company, Ltd., Deptford
    Sir Frederick Alexander Robertson, Chairman of the Central Council of United Alien Relief Societies
    Robert Robertson DSc FRS Superintending Chemist, Research Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    Herbert Babington Rowell, Member of the Admiralty Shipbuilding Council
    Harry Smith, Chairman of the Keighley Board of Management, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles John Stewart, Public Trustee
    Thomas James Storey, Member of the Committee and Chairman of the Classification Committed of Lloyd's Register of Shipping
    Percy Kendall Stothert, Chairman of the West of England Board of Management, Ministry of Munitions
    The Right Honourable Sir Thomas Vezey Strong KCVO Chairman, City of London Tribunal
    Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell Stuart, Vice-Chairman of London Headquarters of British Mission to the United States of America
    Charles Sykes, Director of Wool Textile Production and Chairman of the Board of Control of the Worsted Woollen Trades
    William Henry Thompson MD DSc Scientific Adviser to the Ministry of Food
    William Rowan-Thomson, Director of Auxiliary Ships Engines, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    Frank Warner, President of the Silk Association
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alfred Cholmeley Earle Welby, Secretary of the Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation

    British India

    Major His Highness Raj Rajeshwar Maharajadhiraja Sumer Singh Bahadur, of Jodhpur

    Commonwealth of Australia

    James William Barrett CMG MD for services in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society in Egypt, etc.
    Rear-Admiral William Clarkson CMG Royal Australian Navy, for services in connection with the control and reorganisation of coastal shipping
    Edward Owen Cox, Chairman, Overseas Shipping Committee
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Steward, for services to the Commonwealth Government

    Dominion of New Zealand

    Sir William Lee, Baron Plunket GCMG KCVO for services in connection with the New Zealand War Contingent Association

    Egypt and the Sudan

    Major Lee Oliver FitzMaurice Stack CMG Reserve of Officers, Acting Sirdar and Governor-General of the Sudan

    Newfoundland

    The Honourable Patrick Thomas McGrath LLD President of the Legislative Council, Food Controller, Secretary of the Patriotic Fund, and Chairman of the Pensions and Disabilities Board

    Crown Colonies, Protectorates, etc.

    The Most Reverend Maurus Caruana, Archbishop, Bishop of Malta
    Sir Everard Ferdinand im Thurn KCMG CB Vice-Chairman, King George and Queen Mary's Club for the Oversea Forces
    Brigadier-General Sir William Henry Manning KCMG CB Captain-General and Governor-in-Chief of the Island of Jamaica
    Lawrence Aubrey Wallace CMG Administrator of Northern Rhodesia
    Sir Arthur Henderson Young GCMG Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Straits Settlements

    Honorary Knight Commander

    His Highness Ibrahim, Sultan of the State and Territory of Johor GCMG

Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE)[edit]
Military Division[edit]

    Lieutenant-Colonel John Hubback Anderson, Assistant Director of Medical Services, Australian Imperial Force
    Colonel Frederick John Angell, Assistant Director of Ordnance Services, Southern Command
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Forrest Halkett Carmichael, Assistant Controller, Raw Materials (Non-Ferrous), Ministry of Munitions
    Major Augustus Basil Holt Clerke, Royal Field Artillery, Director, Messrs. Hadfields, Ltd., Sheffield
    Major the Honourable Leonard Harrison Cripps, 4th Hussars; Assistant Controller, Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Colonel Stuart Davidson, Royal Engineers, Chief Technical Examiner for Works Services, War Office
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Maxwell Dennistoun KC Deputy Judge Advocate General, Canadian Forces
    Colonel Sir William Yorke Foster Bt Late Assistant Adjutant General, Southern Command
    Colonel Joseph Gaskell VD DL JP Vice-Chairman (Acting Chairman), Glamorgan Territorial Force Association
    Brevet Colonel St. John Corbet Gore CB
    Lieutenant-Colonel Geoffrey Gladstone Helbert, Staff of High Commissioner for South Africa
    Major Thomas Gerard Hetherington, Services in connection with the origination of Tanks
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Tweedy Lewtas, Commissioner for Medical Services, Ministry of National Service
    Colonel James Reynolds McLean, Deputy Director-General of Recruiting
    Colonel Valentine Matthews VD Inspector of Rest Houses, London District
    Colonel Robert Dawson Rudolf, Consultant in Medicine, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Colonel the Honourable George John Smith, Assistant Director of Contracts, Admiralty; New Zealand Military Forces
    Colonel Robert Ward Tate, Adjutant-General to the New Zealand Forces
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis William Towle, Royal Army Service Corps; Inspector of Quartermaster General's Services; Member of the Tobacco and Matches Control Board
    Colonel Gerald Verner White, Director of Timber Operations, Canadian Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Williams, Australian Imperial Force; Commanding Anzac Provost Corps

For services in connection with the War in France, Egypt and Salonika —

    Hugh Garvin Goligher, Financial Adviser, British Expeditionary Force
    Helen Charlotte Isabella Gwynne-Vaughan, Chief Controller, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward William Horne
    Lieutenant-Colonel Sydney George Partridge, Army Printing and Stationery Services, General Headquarters, France

Civil Division[edit]

    John Arthur Aiton, Chairman, Derbyshire Munitions Board of Management
    Major Charles Aldington, Superintendent of the Line, Great Western Railway
    Ernest Joshua Allen, Director, Railway Materials, Ministry of Munitions
    Ernest King Allen, Assistant Public Trustee
    Richard William Allen JP Director and Manager of Messrs. W. H. Allen, Son & Company, Bedford
    Lawrence Alma-Tadema, Joint Founder of the Polish Relief Fund for Great Britain
    Adelaide Mary Anderson, Principal Lady Inspector of Factories
    William James Anderson, Honorary Treasurer, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Mildred Harriet, Lady Anstruther
    John Apsey, Manager, Constructive Department, H.M. Dockyard, Portsmouth
    Cecil Henry Armitage DL County Director, Derbyshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    George Henry Ashdown ISO Deputy Director of Stores, Admiralty
    Major Frank Ashley, British Red Cross Commissioner, Malta
    Ellen, Lady Askwith, Ladies Auxiliary Committee (Munitions Section), Y.M.C.A.
    Frederick Joseph Bacon Treasury Valuer and Inspector of Rates
    Bernal Bagshawe, Chairman, Leeds Forge Company Ltd., Leeds
    David Bain, Controller of Timber Supplies for Gun Ammunition Filling Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Frank Baines MVO Principal Architect, H.M. Office of Works
    James Alan Noel Barlow, Deputy Controller, Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Benjamin Barrios, Oscar Theodore Barrow CSI Assistant Controller of Finance, Ministry of Munitions
    Colonel Thomas Elwood Lindesay Bate CIE Late County Secretary, County of London, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    John Harper Bean, Director, Messrs. A. Harper, Sons and Bean Ltd., Dudley
    Gerald Bellhouse, Deputy Chief Inspector of Factories
    Blanche Vere, Countess of Bessborough, Honorary Secretary, Y.M.C.A. Auxiliary Committee for France
    Alfred Carleton Blyth, Managing Director, Hayes Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Hereward Kenius Brackenbury, Manager of Torpedo Shops, Messrs. Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd.
    Thomas John Bradley, Principal Clerk, Exchequer and Audit Department
    Benjamin Broadbent JP
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alfred Claude Bromhead
    Arthur David Brooks, Lord Mayor of Birmingham; Chairman of Birmingham Local Tribunal
    James Brown, Deputy Chairman and Managing Director, Scott's Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Ltd.
    Francis Morgan Bryant MVO ISO Secretary of H.M. the King's Private Secretary's Office
    James Herbert Brydon, Acting County Director, Honorary County Secretary and Treasurer, Cheshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Lindsay Budd, Chairman, Virgin Metals Committee, Ministry of Munitions
    Kathleen Burke
    Captain Sydney Bernard Burney, Assistant Director General of Voluntary Organizations
    Geoffrey Butler, Department of Information, Foreign Office
    Thomas Sivewright Catto, Ministry of Shipping
    Fernley John Chamberlain, Assistant Secretary and Chief of Staff to the National Council of Young Men's Christian Associations
    Brigadier-General Harry Anthony Chandos-Pole-Gell, Chairman, Derbyshire War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Professor Frederic John Cheshire, Adviser on Scientific Side of Optical Munitions Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Clementine Churchill, Ladies Auxiliary Committee (Munitions Section), Y.M.C.A.
    Maynard Willoughby Colchester-Wemyss DL JP Acting Chief Constable of Gloucestershire
    Major Charles John Bowen Cooke, Chief Mechanical Engineer, London and North Western Railway
    Major Edwin Charles Cox, Superintendent of the Line, South Eastern and Chatham Railway
    Major Edward Yorke Daniel, Secretary of the Historical Section of the Committee of Imperial Defence
    Albert Davidson, Managing Director, Messrs. Hattersley and Davidson Ltd., Sheffield
    Charles Llewelyn Davies, Assistant Paymaster-General
    Ernest Davies, Deputy Inspector under the Aliens Act
    Henry William Carless Davis, Deputy Chairman, War Trade Intelligence Department
    John Samuel Champion Davis DL VD County Director, Devonshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Howard d'Egville, Honorary Secretary of the United Kingdom Branch of the Empire Parliamentary Association; Commissioner under the Military Service (Civil Liabilities) Committee
    Edward Evershed Dendy, Chairman, Semi-manufactured Metals Committee, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Lewis Dixon, Assistant Secretary, Home Office
    Captain The Honourable Charles Joseph Thaddeus Dormer, Royal Navy, Chairman of the Admiralty Licensing Sub-Committee, War Trade Department
    Colonel Charles William Ernest Duncombe TD County Director, West Yorkshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Frances Hermia Durham, Chief Woman Inspector at Central Offices of Employment Department, Ministry of Labour
    Arthur James Dyke, Assistant Secretary, Board of Customs and Excise
    Agnes Murray Ebden, Deputy President, Hastings Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Ethel Edgar, Ladies Auxiliary Committee (Munitions Section), Y.M.C.A.
    George Edwards, Auditor and Controller, Imperial Munitions Board, Canada
    William James Evans, Principal Clerk, Secretary's Department, Admiralty
    Peter Dewar Ewing, General Manager, Ailsa Shipbuilding Company, Troon
    John Edward Ferard, Assistant Secretary (Officiating Secretary), Judicial and Public Department, India Office
    Captain Matthew Benjamin Dipnall Ffinch JP Assistant Chief Constable in Charge of Special Constabulary, Essex
    William John Fieldhouse JP
    Edward FitzGerald, Assistant to Chairman, Imperial Munitions Board, Canada
    William Joseph Fitzherbert-Brockholes DL JP Chairman, Lancashire War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Lindsay Fitzpatrick, Red Cross Commissioner, Salonika
    Horace Shepherd Folker, Head of Equipment Department, Headquarters Staff, British Red Cross Society, London
    Major John Henry Follows, Acting General Superintendent, Midland Railway
    Edward Rodolph Forber, Secretary, Military Service (Civil Liabilities) Committee
    George Herbert Fowler, Hydrographic Department, Admiralty
    Captain George Charles Frederick, Royal Navy, Shipping Intelligence Officer, Liverpool
    George Samuel Fry, Formerly Accountant-General of the Board of Trade; Member of the Coal Exports Committee
    Thomas Alexander Fyfe, Sheriff Substitute of Lanarkshire; Chairman, Glasgow Munitions Tribunal
    Frank Walls Garnett JP President of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frank Garrett TD Chairman, Messrs. Garrett and Sons, Leiston
    Heathcote William Garrod, Deputy Controller, Labour Regulation Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Laura Gwendolen Gascoigne, Commandant, Lotherton Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Aberford, West Yorkshire
    Stephen Gaselee, Department of Information, Foreign Office
    Mager Frederic Gauntlett CIE Late Secretary, Shipyard Labour Department, Admiralty
    loan Gwilym Gibbon, Principal of the Department dealing with Military Service Tribunals, Local Government Board
    Victoria Florence de Burgh Gibbs, Vice-President, Long Ashton Division of Somersetshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    David Gilmour, Formerly Resident Engineer, now Member of Board of Management, H.M. Factory, Gretna, Ministry of Munitions
    Henry Glendinning, Chemical Director, Messrs. Brunner Mond and Co., Limited, Northwich
    Lewis Gordon, Deputy Controller, Small Arms Ammunition, Ministry of Munitions
    Colonel George Joachim, Viscount Goschen, Director of Labour Division, Food Production Department
    Robert Ernest Graves, Deputy Commissioner of Trade Exemptions Department, Ministry of National Service
    Major William Wylie Grierson, Chief Engineer, Great Western Railway
    Rosamund, Lady Henry Grosvenor, Ladies Auxiliary Committee (Munitions Section), Y.M.C.A.
    Major Anselm Verner Lee Guise, Director of Stores, British Red Cross Society, Boulogne
    Frances Bett, Lady Hadfield, Donor and Administrator, No. 5 Hospital, Wimereux, France
    Arthur Edward Hadley, Assistant Controller of Inspection of Munitions, Ministry of Munitions
    Ernest Varley Haigh, Controller, Trench Warfare Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Henry Hall, Director of Torpedoes and Mines Production, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    John Harrison, Chairman of the City of Edinburgh Local Tribunal
    Ralph Endersby Harwood, Secretary of the War Trade Statistical Department
    William Hawk JP Chairman, Cornwall War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Alfred Ernest William Hazel LLD Deputy Controller, Priority Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Alexander Pearce Higgins LLD Lecturer on International Law at Cambridge, and President of the Society of Public Teachers of Law
    Professor William Richard Hodgkinson FRS Professor of Chemistry and Metallurgy, Ordnance College, Woolwich
    Arthur William Holmes, Director of Contracts, Royal Commission on Wheat Supplies
    Collingwood Hope KC Chairman, Essex Appeal Tribunal
    John Wilson Hope, Chairman of the Committee for the Purchase of Army Camp Refuse
    Leonard Thomas Horne, Assistant Secretary, Ministry of Pensions
    Lancelot Worthy Horne, Superintendent of the Line, London & North Western Railway
    George Henry Hunt ISO Accountant, Treasury
    Summers Hunter, Member of the Admiralty Shipbuilding Council
    Cyril William Hurcomb, Deputy Director of Commercial Services, Ministry of Shipping
    Rear-Admiral Edward Fitzmaurice Inglefield, Royal Navy, Secretary of Lloyd's Register of Shipping
    Daniel Jackson, Partner and Head of Shipyard, Messrs. Denny Brothers, Dumbarton
    Lieutenant-Commander Basil Oliver Jenkins RNVR Member in charge of Aviation, British War Mission, United States of America
    Walter St. David Jenkins, Assistant Director of Contracts, Admiralty
    Harry Marshall Jonas, Member of Valuation Advisory Committee, Controlled Establishment Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Henry Jones, Registrar-General of Shipping and Seamen
    Frederick McCulloch Jowitt
    Harold Godfrey Judd, Deputy Controller, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Walter George Kent, of Messrs. George Kent, Ltd., Luton
    Robert Killin, Superintendent of the Line, Caledonian Railway
    Alfred Clive Lawrence, Head of the Intelligence Branch of the Procurator-General's Department
    Florence Edith Victoria Leach, Controller of Inspections, Women's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Rudolf Gustav Karl Lempfert FRMetS Superintendent of the Forecast Division, Meteorological Office
    Norman Alexander Leslie, Ministry of Shipping
    Edgar Stanford London, Deputy Chief Inspector of Taxes, Inland Revenue
    Arthur Lucas, Deputy Director, Department of Import Restrictions, Board of Trade
    William Joseph Luke, Shipyard Director, Messrs. John Brown & Company, Ltd., Clydebank
    William Royse Lysaght JP Technical Adviser, Non-Ferrous Materials Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Horacio George Arthur Mackie, His Majesty's Consul-General, Buenos Aires
    James Borrowman MacLean, Controller, Gun Manufacture, Ministry of Munitions
    William Turner MacLellan JP Assistant Controller, Iron and Steel Production, Ministry of Munitions
    Frederick Larkins MacLeod, Adviser on Foreign Iron Ores, Ministry of Munitions
    Terence Charles Macnaghten, Principal Clerk, Colonial Office
    Charles Cornelius Maconochie KC Sheriff of the Lothians and Peebles; Chairman of the Lothian Appeal Tribunal
    Edmund John Maginness MVO Manager, Constructive Department, H.M. Dockyard, Chatham
    James Rochfort Maguire, Ladies Auxiliary Committee (Munitions Section), Y.M.C.A.
    George Malcolm
    Alfred Mansfield, Director of Oils and Fats
    James Marr JP Member of the Admiralty Shipbuilding Council
    Thomas Rodgerson Marsden, Managing Director, Messrs. Platt Brothers & Company, Oldham
    Wing-Captain Edward Alexander Dimsdale Masterman, Royal Naval Air Service
    Arthur Stanley Mather JP Chairman, Lancashire (West Derby Hundred) Appeal Tribunal
    Richard Edward Lloyd Maunsell, Mechanical Engineer, South Eastern and Chatham Railway
    Oliver Hill McCowen LLB Secretary in Charge of Y.M.C.A. work in France
    The Honourable Henry Duncan McLaren MP Director, Area Organisation, Ministry of Munitions
    William Bentley McMillan JP Provost of Greenock
    Harry Bell Measures MVO Director of Barrack Construction, War Office
    His Honour Judge Francis Hamilton Mellor KC Chairman, Lancashire (Salford Hundred) Appeal Tribunal
    Frank Herbert Mitchell, Assistant Director, Official Press Bureau
    Major Robert Mitchell, Director of Training, Ministry of Pensions
    William Mitchell-Thomson MP Director of the Restriction of Enemy Supplies Department
    Colonel James Alexander Lawrence Montgomery, British Red Cross Commissioner, East Africa
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Langbridge Morgan, Late Chief Engineer, London, Brighton and South Coast Railway
    Hopkin Morgan JP Chairman, Glamorganshire County Council; Mayor of Neath; Chairman, West Glamorganshire Appeal Tribunal
    Thomas Harry Mottram, Divisional Inspector of Mines; Chairman of Colliery Recruiting Courts, Yorkshire and North Midlands Division
    William Arthur Mount MP Civil Member of Claims Commission, War Office
    Conrad James Naef, Deputy Accountant-General of the Navy
    Daniel Neylan, Chief Accountant, War Office; late Financial Adviser to the Salonika Expeditionary Force
    Thomas Norton DL JP Chairman, Yorkshire West Riding Appeal Tribunal
    Arthur Eugene O'Neill, Ministry of Shipping
    Lieutenant-Colonel Claude Bowes Palmer DL County Director, Northumberland and Durham, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Major Edward Howard Thornbrough Parsons, Chief Constable, Metropolitan Police
    James Peech, Adviser on Shell Steel, Ministry of Munitions
    His Honour Judge George Bettesworth Piggott, Chairman of Special Local Tribunal for London and Member of London Appeal Tribunal
    Henry Howard Piggots, Assistant Secretary, Parliamentary and General, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Ralph Pinder, Resident Engineer, H.M. Factory, Oldbury; formerly Construction Manager, H.M. Factory, Queensferry, and H.M. Factory, Avonmouth, Ministry of Munitions
    Henry Pledge, Assistant Director of Naval Construction, Admiralty
    William Jackson Pope FRS Professor of Chemistry, University of Cambridge; Member of Panel of Board of Invention and Research, Admiralty
    Helen Matilda, Lady Procter, Chairman, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    James Railton, Partner in the Firm of Messrs. Topham, Jones and Railton
    Harry Rawson DL JP Chairman, City of Edinburgh Territorial Force Association
    George Grey Rea JP Member of the President of the Board of Agriculture's Committee Food Production Advisory
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Reid VD DL Member of War Executive and of the Scottish National Red Cross and Ralston Hospital Committee of the Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Arthur John Relton, Member of the Aircraft Insurance Committee
    Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Duncan Rhind, Controller of Statistics, Ministry of National Service
    John Richie Richmond, Managing Director of Messrs. J. M. Weir, Ltd., Cathcart
    Gervase Henry Roberts, Superintendent, Mechanical Engineering Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    John Robertson, Provost of the Burgh of Paisley; Chairman of the local National Service and Food Control Committees; Member of Appeal Tribunal
    William Robinson, Financial Secretary, India Office
    William Arthur Robinson CB Assistant Secretary, H.M. Office of Works
    Corisande Evelyn Vere, Baroness Rodney, Y.M.C.A. Worker
    Archibald John Campbell Ross, Member of the Admiralty Shipbuilding Council
    John Rowland MVO JP Late Chief Commissioner of National Service, Wales
    Matthew Adkins Rundell, Government representative on the London group of War Risks Associations; Government representative on the Fishing Vessels War Risks Insurance Association
    Edward Russell Clarke MBE Expert Adviser to the Naval Staff on Wireless Telegraphy
    Nils Percy Patrick Sandberg, Director of Inspection of Steel (Land Service), Ministry of Munitions, and Associate Member of Ordnance Committee
    Charles John Ough Sanders, Superintendent for Wrecks and Loss of Life at Sea; in the Marine Department, Board of Trade
    Captain William Stephen Sanders, Secretary to the British Section of the International Socialist Party
    William Samuel Sarel, Assistant Accountant-General of the Navy
    Major Finlay Forbes Scott, Superintendent of the Line, London, Brighton and South Coast Railway
    Colonel John Scott-Riddell MVO TD Red Cross Commissioner for North Eastern District of Scotland
    Albert Senior JP Principal Partner, Messrs. G., Senior & Sons, Ltd., Sheffield
    John Davenport Siddeley, Managing Director of the Siddeley-Deasy Co., Ltd.
    William Anker Simmons JP Agricultural Adviser, Ministry of Food
    Arthur William Smallwood
    Frederick Smith, Assistant Director of Materials and Priority, Controller's Department, Admiralty, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Launcelot Eustace Smith, Chairman and Managing Director, Messrs. Smith's Dock Company, Ltd., Tyne Branch
    Thomas Octave Murdoch Sopwith, Chairman and Test and Experimental Manager of Sopwith Aviation Co., Ltd.
    William Spens, Foreign Trade Department
    Ernest Edward William Squires, General Manager, Metropolitan Carriage, Wagon & Finance Company, Ltd., Birmingham
    Josiah Charles Stamp DSc Assistant Secretary to the Board of Inland Revenue
    Lockhart Stephens MRCS DL County Director, Hampshire British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Frances Louise Stevenson, Private Secretary to the Prime Minister
    Thomas Henry Craig Stevenson MD Superintendent of Statistics, General Register Office
    Mary Margaret Stewart-Mackenzie
    William Chester Still, Senior Partner of Messrs. W. M. Still and Sons
    John William Stone, Surveyor of Lands, Director of Works Department, Admiralty
    Lucy Granville Streatfeild, Member of Soldiers Dependants Assessment Appeals Committee
    John Stuart, Managing Director, Messrs. Ross, Ltd., London
    The Honourable Violet Stuart-Wortley, Ladies Secretary to the Headquarters Committee, Y.M.C.A.
    The Honourable Reginald Gilbert Murray Talbot, Chairman, London Munitions Tribunal
    Frank Tatlow, Deputy General Manager, Midland Railway
    Lieutenant-Colonel Percy Crosland Tempest, Chief Engineer, South Eastern and Chatham Railway
    Captain William Hugh Tomasson MVO Chief Constable of Nottinghamshire and Acting Inspector of Constabulary
    Wynn Harold Tregoning, Ministry of Shipping; a Membef of the Ship Licensing Committee
    Joseph Harling Turner JP
    John James Virgo, National Field Secretary to the Y.M.C.A.
    Lieutenant-Colonel David Wallace CMG Red Cross Commissioner for Eastern District of Scotland
    Hugh Walpole
    Evelyn Mayura Walters, Honorary Secretary, Kensington Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Organiser of the Weir Hospital, Balham
    Lady Susan Elizabeth Clementine Waring, Donor and Administrator, Auxiliary Hospital for Convalescent Officers, Lennel, Coldstream, Berwick
    Major Henry Angus Watson, General Superintendent, North Eastern Railway
    Alexander Strahan Watt, Lawrence WeaverDirector of Supplies Division, Food Production Department
    Harry James Webb, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors; Chief Constructor and Superintendent, Dockyard Branch, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    Philip George Lancelot Webb, Deputy Controller of Petrol Department, Board of Trade
    Wilfred Howard Williams, Director of Inland Transport, Ministry of Munitions
    Colonel Frederic Herbert Williamson, Royal Engineers, Director of Army Postal Service (Home); Principal Clerk, Secretary's Office, General Post Office
    John William Willis-Bund JP Chairman, Worcestershire County Council; Chairman, Worcestershire Appeal Tribunal; Chairman, Worcestershire National Relief Fund
    Horace John Wilson, Secretary to Committee on Production, Ministry of Labour
    John James Withers
    Humbert Wolfe, Controller, Labour Regulation Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Edith Amelia, Baroness Wolverton, Ladies Auxiliary Committee (Munitions Section), Y.M.C.A.
    Professor Thomas Barlow Wood, Drapers Professor of Agriculture in the University of Cambridge; Adviser on Meat Production to the President of the Board of Agriculture, and Chief Executive Officer, Army Cattle Purchase Scheme
    Alfred Woodgate, Assistant Secretary to the Ministry of Shipping
    Raymond Wybrow Woods, Chief Clerk, Treasury Solicitor's Department
    Thomas Worthington, Late Head of the Commercial Intelligence Department of the Board of Trade
    Major Lionel Maling Wynch CIE Secretary to Red Cross Commissioner, France
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles John Wyndham, Late County Director, Sussex, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Harold Edgar Yarrow, Director of Messrs. Yarrow & Company
    John Horatio Yolland, Chief of Staff of County Director, Kent, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    George Udny Yule, Director of Requirements, Ministry of Food

For services in connection with the War in France, Egypt and Salonika —

    Arthur Beagley Beavis, Financial Adviser, British Salonika Force
    Rachel, Countess of Dudley, Honorary Superintendent, No. 32 Stationary Hospital, France; Honorary Superintendent, Expeditionary Force, Officers' Clubs and Rest Houses
    Lady Mabelle Annie Egerton, in charge of Station Coffee Stall, Rouen
    Robert Godfrey Peckitt, Chief Mechanical Engineer, Egyptian State Railways

    British India

    Jeanie, Lady Meston, Head of the branch of the Red Cross in Allahabad
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frank Popham Young CIE Indian Army, Commissioner, Rawalpindi Division, Punjab
    Sir Robert Swan Highet, Agent, East Indian Railway, Calcutta
    Nawab Sir Faridoon Daula Bahadur KCIE CSI Assistant Political Minister to His Highness the Nizam's Government
    Montagu de Pomeroy Webb CIE Manager, Forbes, Forbes, Campbell and Co., Karachi, Bombay Presidency

    Commonwealth of Australia

    Mary Antill, Organiser, War Chest Fund, Sydney
    Henry Ebenezer Budden, Organiser, Overseas Australian Comforts Funds
    Guillaume Daniel Delprat, for services in connection with steel supplies, etc.
    Mary, Lady Hennessy, Organiser, Victorian Branch, Australian Comforts Fund
    Beatrice Henty, Secretary, Australian Comforts Fund, Melbourne
    Major Frank de Villiers Lamb, for services in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society in England and Egypt
    Clare Lyle
    Hugh Victor McKay, for services in connection with war industries
    Orme Masson
    Eliza Fraser Mitchell, for services in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society in England and Australia
    Lieutenant-Colonel William James Norman Oldershaw, for services in connection with the Commonwealth Shipping Board
    Frances Mary Woolcott, Honorary Organiser of the Button Fund
    William James Young, for services in connection with Shipping

    Dominion of New Zealand

    Jacobina Luke
    Christina Allan Massey
    Robert Howard Nolan, Honorary Secretary, New Zealand Soldiers' Club
    Theresa Dorothea, Lady Ward
    Oriana Fanny Wilson

    Egypt and the Sudan

    Ernest Macleod Dowson, Director-General of Survey Department
    Cecil Gordon Crawley, in charge of the Government Arsenals
    Wasey Sterry, Chief Justice in the Sudan
    George Eustace Burnett-Stuart, Director of Personnel in Ministry of Interior

    Newfoundland

    The Honourable James Augustus Clift KC Acting Minister of Agriculture and Mines, Vice-Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Patriotic Association, Member of the Recruiting Committee and the Pensions Board

    Union of South Africa

    Hester Marion Carter, of the Red Cross and Comforts Committee, Cape Town
    Ernest Chappell, Chairman of the Johannesburg Branch of the Comforts Committee
    Douglas Christopherson, Vice-Chairman, Johannesburg Local Committee, Governor-General's Fund, and Chairman of the Disabled Soldiers Board, Johannesburg
    The Honourable Eleanor Birch Wilson-Fox, Chairman, South African Comforts Committee in London
    Jessie Dodd, Lady Rose-Innes
    Thomas Slingsby Nightingale CMG Secretary to the High Commissioner in London for the Union of South Africa
    Evelyn Ashley Wallers, President of the Transvaal Chamber of Mines

    Crown Colonies, Protectorates, etc.

    Andrew Agnew, Chairman of River Craft Committee, Member of Food Control and Shipping Committee, and Commandant of the Civil Guard, Straits Settlements
    Thomas Alexander Vans Best CMG Administering the Government of the Leeward Islands
    Ethel Dorothy Bowring, for services to the East African Expeditionary Force
    Francis George Bury, Honorary Treasurer, King George and-Queen Mary's Club for the Oversea Forces
    Thomas Fraser Burrowes, Comptroller of Customs and Receiver of Enemy Estates, Nigeria
    William Morris-Carter, Chief Justice of His Majesty's High Court of Uganda, and Chairman of the Uganda Supplies Board
    Elizabeth Lydia Rosabelle, Lady Clifford, for charitable services in the Gold Coast Colony
    Henry Lawson De Mel, for services to the Government of Ceylon
    Sir Frederick Evans KCMG KCVO for services to the Government of Gibraltar
    Henry Cowper Gollan KC Attorney-General and Chairman of the Food Committee of the Colony of Trinidad and Tobago
    Richard Allmond Jeffrey Goode, Secretary to the Administration, Northern Rhodesia
    Francis.Charles Jenkin, Deputy Superintendent, Special Police Reserve, Hong Kong
    Reginald Fleming Johnston, District Officer and Magistrate, Weihaiwei
    Joseph Horsford Kemp, Attorney-General of the Colony of Hong Kong
    Albert Ernest Kiteon, Director, Geological Survey Department, Gold Coast Colony
    Henry Marks, Member of the Executive and Legislative Councils of the Colony of Fiji; for services to various patriotic funds
    Mary Ethel, Baroness Methuen, for services to the sick and wounded in Malta
    Alice, Lady Miles, President of the-Red Cross and other funds, Gibraltar
    Nana Ofori Atta, Paramount Chief of Akin Abuakwa; for services to the Government of the Gold-Coast Colony
    Alexander Ransford Slater CMG Colonial Secretary of the Gold Coast Colony, for special services in connection with recruiting
    Hippolyte Louis Wiehe du Coudray Souchon, Representative in London of the Mauritius' Chamber of Agriculture

    Honorary Commanders of the said Most Excellent Order

    Abubakar Garbai, Shehu of Borno, for services in connection with the Cameroon Campaign
    Sheikh Ali bin Salim, Assistant Liwali, Mombasa
    Muhammadu Abba, Emir of Yola, for services in connection with the Cameroon Campaign

Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE)[edit]
Military Division[edit]

    Colonel Augustus Mervyn Owen Anwyl Anwyl-Passingham, Recruiting Region Commander
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Logie Armstrong, in charge of Canadian Records
    Major Edward George Graham Talbot Baines, York and Lancaster Regiment; Secretary, Nottingham Territorial Force Association
    Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Bell-Irving, Instructor, Royal Flying Corps
    Major Lionel Oxborrow Betts, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Gerald Walker Birks, Officer in Charge of Canadian Y.M.C.A. Services
    Captain Archibald Campbell Black, 7th Battalion, Royal Scots; Ministry of National Service
    Major Frederick Blakemore, Army Pay Department
    Major William Henry Booth DSO East Kent Regiment; Deputy Assistant Director of Railway Transport, Scottish Command
    Captain Francis Stewart Evelyn Boothby, Secretary, Lincoln Territorial Force Association
    Major John Bowden, Royal Engineers, Late Superintending Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 2 Area (North-West England)
    Captain Arthur Boyd, Royal Army Service Corps; General Secretary, Navy and Army Canteen Board
    Captain William Burton, York and Lancaster Regiment; Member of Anglo-Russian Sub-Committee, New York, Ministry of Munitions
    Major Charles Ernest Alfred French Somerset Butler, Earl of Carrick, Royal Army Service Corps; Adjutant-General's Department, War Office
    Captain William Stephen Cauvin, Adjutant-General's Department, War Office
    Major Henry Edward Chaney, Headquarters. Training Division, Royal Flying Corps
    Major Sir Jocelyn Brudenell, Earl of Chichester, 5th Battalion, Royal Sussex Regiment; Adjutant-General's Department, War Office
    Captain George Clark, Royal Artillery, Superintending Officer in Artillery Branch, War Office
    Major Thomas Dudley Cocke, Royal Army Service Corps; Section Director, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Charles Leonard Conacher, Late in charge, Perivale Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Paston Crane DSO York and Lancaster Regiment
    Major Francis Samuel Creswell, Park Commander, Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Charles Cuyler Bt Commanding 43rd Regimental District Recruiting Area
    Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Frederick Drury, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Earle Calder Duffin, Assistant Quartermaster General, Canadian Forces
    Major Henry Stuart Ebben, Deputy Assistant Adjutant-General, Royal Flying Corps
    Colonel Henry John Edwards CB TD Commanding Officer, No. 2 Officers Cadet Battalion
    Henrietta Christobel Ellis, Commandant of the Motor Transport Section, Women's Legion
    Captain Edward George Robert Fairholme, Royal Army Veterinary Corps; Chief Secretary, Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
    Captain Charles Stanley Fisher, Acting Solicitor for Navy and Army Canteen Board
    Colonel Walter Blunt Fletcher, Secretary, Wiltshire Territorial Force Association
    Captain Otto Tennent Eastman Freiligrath, Royal Army Service Corps; Staff Captain, War Office
    Major George Arthur Fulcher, Royal Artillery, Deputy Assistant Director, Ordnance Department, War Office
    Captain Henry Game, Royal Field Artillery; Design Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant-Colonel Jack Giffard, Royal Field Artillery; Member of Anglo-Russian Sub-Committee, New York, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Walter Brudenell Gill, Royal Engineers, Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Shirley Godman, Dorsetshire Regiment; Assistant Provost-Marshal
    Lieutenant Ernest Goodwin, Technical Adviser on Explosives to Trench Warfare Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Walter Herbert Lewis Goolden, Research Department, Woolwich
    Captain Gilbert Maxwell Adair Graham. Quarter Master-General's Department, War Office
    Major James Alexander Green, South African Forces, Administrative Headquarters
    Major Francis Grehan, Norfolk Regiment; Secretary, Norfolk Territorial Force Association
    Captain Wilfrid Edward Hiley, Research Department, Woolwich
    Captain Archibald Vivian Hill, Cambridgeshire Regiment; Munitions Inventions Department
    Captain William John Honey
    Hilda Horniblow, Deputy Commandant, Military Cooking Section, Women's Legion
    Major Cecil Harry St. Leger Howard, Recruiting Area Commander
    Captain Edward Maurice Berkeley Ingram, General Staff, War Office
    Arthur Godfrey James, Royal Army Service Corps; Ministry of National Service
    Major Charles Jarrott, Inspector of Mechanical Transport, Royal Flying Corps
    Major Harold Driver Jonas, Deputy Chief Valuer and Compensation Officer, Directorate of Lands, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Thomas Athol Joyce, General Staff, War Office
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Kingston, Royal Engineers, Chief Inspector of Works, War Office
    Captain John Learmont DL JP Secretary, Cumberland Territorial Force Association
    Captain James Arthur Leeming, Royal Engineers, Section Director, Trench Warfare Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Major Hugh Bennett Lewers, Assistant Director of Medical Services, Australian Imperial Forces
    Captain Francis Vivian Lister, Trench Warfare Research Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Violet Beatrix Alice Lambton Long, Late Secretary of Women's Legion, Military Cooking Section
    Lieutenant-Colonel Cyril Douglas Hughes MacAlpine, Canadian Army Service Corps
    Major John McAughey, Deputy Assistant Adjutant-General, Canadian Forces
    The Reverend Edmond McAuliffe, Chaplain, 3rd Class, Australian Imperial Forces
    The Reverend Angus MacDonald, Chaplain, 3rd Class, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Major Thomas McKibbin, Deputy Assistant Director of Medical Services, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Macmillan, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain John McPherson, Adjutant, New Zealand Command Depot
    Captain Henry Mansbridge, Secretary, London Territorial Force Association
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Gordon Maxwell, Assistant Provost-Marshal
    Colonel Charles Stuart Meeres, Royal Artillery, Army Ordnance Corps Department
    Captain George Metson, Ministry of National Service
    Major Alexander Montgomerie, Royal Newfoundland Regiment
    Captain Harold Moreland, Section Director, Trench Warfare Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Arthur Lenox Napier, Yorkshire Regiment; Secretary, Northumberland Territorial Force Association
    Captain Walter Elphinstone Nevill, Nairobi Defence Force
    Captain Richard William Alan, Earl of Onslow, General Staff, War Office
    Captain Charles Phipps John Ovans, King's Own Scottish Borderers; Manager, Leeds National Projectile Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant-Colonel Sydney Lewis Penhorwood, Director of Timber Operations, War Office
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Wharton Perkins, Deputy Assistant Director of Railway Transport, Southern Command
    Captain Mansel Loudon Porter, King's Royal Rifle Corps; Secretary, Berkshire Territorial Force Association
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edwin Prismall TD Musketry Staff Officer, Canadian Forces
    Captain Alan Rae-Smith, Chief Accountant to Navy and Army Canteen Board
    Brevet Major John Wakefield Rainey, Army Veterinary Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Albert Reeks, Commanding 45th Regimental District Recruiting Area
    Captain Richard Gilbert Roberts, Instructor, Intelligence Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Fowler Roberts, Director of Artillery (Field), and Senior Embarkation Officer
    Lieutenant-Colonel Roddam John Roddam
    Major Robert Francis Ruck-Keene, Royal Artillery, Secretary, Yorkshire (North Riding) Territorial Force Association
    Edward John Russell DSc FRS Technical Adviser in the Food Production Department; Director of the Rothamsted Experimental Station
    Captain Cecil Myles Serjeantson, Secretary, Leicester and Rutland Territorial Force Association
    Major Eric James Sexton, Commanding Australian Machine Gun Training Depot
    Major Frederic Joseph Sharp, Remount Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Constable Shepherd, Commandant of Great Yarmouth
    Major Philip George Moncrieff Skene, Late Deputy Assistant Director, Ordnance Department, War Office; Assistant Secretary, Russian Supplies Committee, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Rowland Hill Stainforth, Deputy Controller, Controlled Establishments Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Heron Steel, Australian Overseas Training Brigade
    Lieutenant Valentine Beardmore Stewart, Late Manager, Messrs. William Beardmore & Company, Ltd., Glasgow
    Major John Stuart, Assistant Inspector of Recruiting
    Major Brian Gresley Elton Sunderland, Deputy Assistant Director of Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Sykes, Royal Irish Fusiliers, Inspector of Army Catering
    Captain Kenneth Symes, Late Head of Armour Plate Section, Mechanical Warfare Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain John Barwick Thompson, Border Regiment, Ministry of National Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Newbury Thornton, South African Forces; South African Hospital, Richmond Park
    Major Edwin Ernest Enever Todd, Army Pay Department
    Edith Mary Trotter, Recruiting Controller, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Kington Tucker, Forage Department, War Office
    Captain Clement Vallange, Design Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Henry Edward van den Bergh, Chief Inspector and Controller, Buying Branch, Canteen Board
    Major Francis Peter Vidal, Army Pay Department
    Major James Taylor Watson, Embarkation Staff Officer, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Captain Gerald Hamilton Wicks, Trench Warfare Research Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Cecil Williams, Director of Inspection, Optical Stores, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Charles Edward Williams, Section Director, Raw Materials Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Brevet-Colonel German Sims Woodhead VD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Anthony Hudson Woodifield, in charge of Ordnance Depot, Didcot
    Captain Charles Bernard Besly Yule, Royal Artillery, Design Department, Ministry of Munitions

For services in connection with the War in France, Egypt and Salonika —

    Captain John Herbert Boraston, Records Officer, Operations Section, General Headquarters, France
    Captain William Lawrence Bragg, Depot, Field Survey Company
    Major William Henry Clifford, Army Printing and Stationery Services
    The Reverend Edward Arnold Fitch, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Edward Percy Fowler, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Francis Arthur Green, Army Printing and Stationery Services
    Captain Myles Higgin-Birket, Cipher Officer, General Headquarters, British Salonika Force
    Major Percy Reginald Nelson, Assistant to Officer-in-charge of Expeditionary Force Canteens, France
    Captain Marcus Niebuhr Tod, Intelligence Corps, British Salonika Force
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Constable Wright, in charge of Expeditionary Force Canteens, France

Civil Division[edit]

    James Adam, Office Supervisor Edinburgh, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Robert Adam, Late Assistant Director, Railway Materials Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Martland Ainscough, Secretary to the Textile Committee and to the Standing Committee on Cotton Growing in the Empire
    Alexander Alcorn, Ministry of Shipping
    Evelyn Julia Allan, Honorary Secretary, Chelsea Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    James Allan Chief Engineer, Ellerman Lines
    Harry Allden Officer-in-Charge, Royal Naval Gun Factory, West Houghton
    John Allen, Chairman, Steam Cultivation Development Association, and Honorary Adviser to the Food Production Department
    Mary Sophia Allen, Chief Superintendent, Women's Police Service
    Oswald Coleman Allen, Secretarial Officer, Ministry of Munitions
    William George Allen, Expense Accounts Officer; H.M. Dockyard, Portsmouth
    William Henry Allen, Vice-Controller, Post Office Stores Department
    James Willcox Alsop JP Chairman, Liverpool Local Tribunal
    Amy Douglas Knyveton Anderson, Commandant, Waverley Abbey Auxiliary Hospital, Farnham, Surrey
    Lois Dessurne Anderson, Financial Expert Adviser to the Finance Section, Ministry of Blockade
    Lieutenant-Commander Maxwell Henry Anderson, Royal Navy, Trade Division of the Naval Staff
    Thomas George Anderson, Superintending Clerk Naval Ordnance Department, Admiralty
    Henry William Archer Manager and Secretary of the British Fishing Vessels War Risks Insurance Association, Ltd.
    Henry Armstrong, Secretary in Charge, North-Eastern Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Janet Stevenson Bennett, Lady Arthur, Vice-President of the Troon District, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Commander Edward Lindsay Ashley Foakes, Royal Navy, Naval Assistant to Director of Army Postal Services, and Nautical Adviser to the Post Office
    Peter Wilson Atkin JP Chairman of Salford Local Tribunal
    Amos Lowrey Ayre, District Director of Shipyard Labour (Glasgow), Admiralty Shipyard Labour Department
    Philip Henry Bagenal, Inspector, Local Government Board
    Francis Edward Bagnall, Section Director, Machine Tool Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Stowey Bailey, Manager, Messrs. Cammell, Laird & Company, Ltd., Sheffield
    Hubert Baines, Deputy Chief Engineer, H.M. Office of Works
    Alfred Gabriel Baker, Superintendent of Queen Mary's Workshops, Brighton
    George Stephen Baker, Superintendent of the William Froude National Tank, National Physical Laboratory
    John William Baker, Manager, Messrs John Baker & Co., Ltd., Rotherham
    Robert John Balfour, Director of Finance, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Charlotte Marie-Louise Banbury, Commandant, Wych Cross Place Auxiliary Hospital, Forest Row, Sussex
    William Barber, Superintendent of Live Stock Division, Board of Agriculture for Scotland
    Henry Lowthian Barge, Engineer to Messrs. Bullivant & Company, Ltd.
    Ernest Augustus William Barnard, Superintending Civil Engineer, Director of Works Department, Admiralty
    Anna Ethel Barnes, Secretary to Central Charities Committee
    Henry Barnes MD LLD JP Honorary Secretary and Treasurer, Cumberland Branch, British Red Cross Society
    James Sidney Barnes, Acting Principal Clerk, Secretary's Department, Admiralty
    James Ronnie Barnett, Messrs. G. L. Watson & Company, Glasgow
    Alfred Barrow, Mayor of Barrow-in-Furness; Chairman of the Local Tribunal
    Captain Edmund Burton Bartlett, Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, Ltd.
    Frederick William Bartlett, Principal Clerk, Pay Office
    Commander Frederick Mortimer Barwick, Royal Navy, Portmaster and Marine Superintendent, Great Central Railway
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Fortescue Basset, Ministry of National Service
    Captain Ernest William Bastard, British Steam Shipping Company
    Muriel Bather, Vice-President and Commandant, Cyngfield Auxiliary Hospital, Shrewsbury
    James Allan Battarsby, Clerk to the Guardians, Nottingham; Honorary Secretary of the Local Representative Committee, and Secretary of the Local War Pensions Committee
    Edith, Lady Baxter, Honorary Representative of the Ministry of Pensions, Central Scotland
    Peter McLeod Baxter, Engineering Partner, Messrs. McKie & Baxter, Govan
    Willoughby Lake Baylay, Manager, Birmingham Small Arms Company, Ltd., Birmingham
    Ernest Edward Boyle Beamer, Superintendent of Registry, Home Office
    Joseph James Beard, Acting Chief Accountant in the War Office
    George Howard Beaton, Managing Director, Messrs. G. Beaton & Son, London
    Clara Constance Beausire, Vice-President, Birkenhead Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Alfred Bednell, Secretary, Coventry Munitions Board of Management
    Susan Heard Beevor, Donor and Commandant, Hoveton Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Wrexham, Norfolk
    Hubert Dowson Bell, Head of the Wheat Section of the Commercial Services Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    William Thomas Bell, Messrs. Robey & Company, Lincoln
    Geoffrey Thomas Bennett FRS Fellow and Mathematical Lecturer, Emmanuel College, Cambridge; Scientific Assistant, Compass Department, Admiralty. Algernon Edward Berriman, Chief Engineer, Daimler Company, Ltd.
    William Lewis Berrow ISO Registrar, Foreign Office
    Alys Mary Bertie-Perkins, Secretary and Organizer, Swansea District, British Red Cross Society
    Francis George Lawder Bertram, Secretarial Officer, Ministry of Munitions
    Rosamond Bertram-Corbet, Lady Superintendent, Grosvenor Gardens Y.M.C.A. Hut
    Henry Bucknall Betterton, Liaison Officer between the War Trade Intelligence Department and the Admiralty, War Office and Ministry of Munitions
    Herbert Bing, Managing Director, Banbury National Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Oswell Barritt Binns, Section Director, Gun Ammunition
    Manufacture, Ministry of Munitions
    John Bissett, Secretary, Manchester Munitions Cooperative Board of Management
    Lieutenant David Blair, Royal Naval Reserve
    Frank Blake, Partner, Messrs. W. E. Blake, Explosives Loading Co., London
    Constance Caldwell Bloomfield, Lady Superintendent, Empire Union Club for Soldiers and Sailors
    Clara Blount, Commandant, Stildon House Auxiliary Hospital, East Grinstead, Sussex
    James Cairns Bogle JP Provost of Falkirk; Chairman of Local Tribunal
    Henry Patrick Bolaud, Secretarial Officer, Ministry of Munitions
    William Bonney, Naval Store Officer, H.M. Dockyard, Portsmouth
    Harry Booth, Principal Clerk, Harbour Department, Board of Trade
    John Oliver Borley, Superintendent Naturalist Inspector in Fisheries Division of the Board of Agriculture
    Percy Dunville Botterell, Assistant Commercial Attache to His Britannic Majesty's Legation, Holland
    William Cecil Bottomley, Principal Clerk, Colonial Office
    John Bourdeaux, Submarine Superintendent, General Post Office
    Sarah Fanny, Llady Bowater, Organiser of Red Cross Work, Birmingham
    Frederick Gatus Bowers, Section Director, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Anderson Bowman, Chief Engineer, Prince Line, Ltd.
    William Turnbull Bowman, Assistant Director, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Harry Robert Boyd, Late Assistant Private Secretary, Home Office
    Sydney Edward Boyland, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Hugh Bramwell, Member of Colliery Recruiting Court, South Wales; Member of Advisory Board to Controller of Coal Mines
    David Alexander Bremner, Late Head of Aluminium Section, Ministry of Munitions
    Edgar Brierley JP Chairman, Manchester Local Tribunal
    William Richard Brunskill Briscoe, Late Crown Prosecutor for Egypt
    Flight Commander Frank Arthur Brock, Royal Naval Air Service
    Archibald Brown, Commandant, Liverpool Special Constabulary
    Jonathan Boswell Brown, Wilfred Gordon Brown, Legal Assistant, Ministry of Munitions
    Jeffrey Browning ISO Assistant Secretary to the Board of Customs and Excise
    Charles Matthewes Bruce, Acting Assistant Accountant-General of the Navy
    Ellen Maud, Lady Bruce, Vice-President and Organizer of West Bridgford Auxiliary Hospital, Nottinghamshire
    Frederick Bryant, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Jane Buchanan, Superintendent (Female Staff), Post Office Savings Bank Department
    Joseph Andrew William Buchanan, Comptroller of Accounts, H.M. Office of Works
    Alfred Virgoe Buckland, Deputy-Chief Valuer and CoompensaUon Officer, Directorate of Lands, Ministry of Munitions
    Walter Henry Bulpitt, Managing Director of Messrs. Bulpitt, Ltd., Birmingham
    Major Frederick Burch, Home Forces Staff
    Kenneth Paul Burgess, Deputy Head of the Technical Services Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Hubert Francis Daubeny Burke, Section Director, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    May Burke, Commandant, Urmston and Fairfield Auxiliary Hospitals, Eastbourne
    The Honourable Ethel Louise Burn, Commandant and Matron, Stoodley Knowle Auxiliary Hospital, Torquay
    Ethel Burnett, Vice-President, Kincardineshire, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Ethel Margaret Burnside, Assistant County Director, Hertfordshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    William Parker Burton JP Vice-Chairman, Flour Mills Control Committee
    Margery Bush, Bishop's Knoll Auxiliary Hospital, Bristol
    Squadron-Commander Henry Richard Busteed, Royal Naval Air Service
    Arthur Francis Butler, Section Director of Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    William John Cable, Secretary of the Central Council of United Alien Relief Societies
    Elizabeth Mary Cadbury
    Lily Eliza Frances, Lady Caillard, Donor, Wingfield Auxiliary Hospital, Trowbridge, Wiltshire
    Percy Pyne Caldecott-Smith Chief Surveyor, Director of Works Department, Admiralty
    Mary Louisa Caldwell, Divisional Secretary and Deputy County Director, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Lady Superintendent of Minley Auxiliary Hospital, Hampshire
    Philip Cambray, Private Secretary to the Minister of National Service
    Joan Jessie Cameron, Organiser of Scottish Work, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Alexander Campbell, Managing Director, Hunslet Engine Company, Ltd., Leeds
    Florence Ishbel Campbell, Organising Secretary, Munition Workers' Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Gordon Charles Henry Campbell, Section Director of Labour RegulationDepartment, Ministry of Munitions
    Athol John Capron, Managing Director, Messrs. Davey Bros., Sheffield
    Mary Gertrude Carden, Honorary Secretary, Women's Patrol Service, National Union of Women Workers[12]
    Frederick Carl, Secretary, National Egg Collection Committee
    Walter Carlile DL JP Organising Officer, Buckinghamshire Special Constabulary
    William Allan Carter JP Town Councillor of Edinburgh; Member n of Local Tribunal
    Edward Henry Carter, His Majesty's Inspector of Schools
    Maud Cator, Donor and Commandant, Woodbastwick Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Norwich
    Squadron Commander Robert Arthur Chalmers, Royal Naval Air Service
    John Alfred Cuthbert Champion, Civil Assistant to Controller, Admiralty
    Major Samuel Stewart Champion JP Area Headquarters Recruiting Officer, Birmingham
    Edward David Chetham-Strode, Legal Assistant, Ministry of Munitions
    Dehra Chichester, Vice-President of St. John's Voluntary Aid Detachments for Belfast
    Henry Churchill, Commercial Department, Foreign Office
    Major William Henry Dennis Clark, Munitions Inventions Department
    Geoffrey Rothe Clarke, Late Statistical Officer, Inspection Department, Ministry of Munitions
    James Alexander Clarke, Chairman of the Local Tribunal of the County of Ayr
    John Courtenay Clarke, Acting Assistant Director of Contracts, Admiralty
    Colonel Henry Clay, Deputy Director of Recruiting, Eastern Command
    Robert Clay JP Clerk to the Guardians, Shoreditch
    Harris Peugeot Cleaver, Clerk to the Guardians, West Derby
    Andrew Cochrane, Managing Director, Messrs. Cochrane & Sons, Ltd., Selby
    George Bertram Cockburn, Inspector of Aeroplanes, Aeronautical Inspection Directorate
    William Coggan, Technical Adviser (Hides & Skins) to the War Office
    William George Cole, Chief Constructor, H.M. Dockyard, Sheerness
    Richard James Coles, Assistant Director of Finance, Ministry of Pensions
    Lieutenant-Commander John Alsager Collett, Royal Navy
    Captain Reginald Blayney Colmore, Royal Navy
    Captain Superintendent of the Training Ship Exmouth
    Arthur Douglas Constable, Superintending Electrical Engineers Department, Admiralty
    Elizabeth Cooper, Honorary Secretary and Treasurer of the Milford Haven and South Wales Minesweepers Comforts Supply Association
    Ernest Napier Cooper, Superintending Aliens Officer
    Harry Stowe Coppock, Manager, Messrs. Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd., Elswick
    Mary Caroline Coulcher, Vice-President and Lady District Superintendent, St. John Ambulance Brigade; Commandant, Broadwater Auxiliary Hospital, Suffolk
    Fulwar Cecil Ashton Coventry, Section Director, Inland Transport Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Jane Cowen, Bernard Henry Cox, Senior Clerk, Exchequer and Audit Department
    Oswald Cox, Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Technical), Ministry of Munitions
    William Brownfield Craig, Assistant County Director, Totnes Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    John McGregor Cramond, Assistant Divisional Officer for Scotland Division, Employment Exchanges
    Florentia Maria Crawshay, Vice-President and Commandant, St. Anne's Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Caversham, Berkshire
    Laura Alexander Bell Cree, Convener of Headquarters Organising Clothing Committee and Stores and Despatch Committee of the Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Ernest Samuel Croft, Acting Assistant Accountant-General of the Navy
    Claud Crompton, Inspector, Small Arms Ammunition, Ministry of Munitions
    Edward Cropper, Architect, First Class, H.M. Office of Works
    Marjorie Crosbie-Hill, Organiser of Canteens and Clubs, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Josiah Crosby, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Senaggora
    Richard Basil Cross, Private Secretary, Local Government Board
    Clifford William Croysdill, Superintendent of Royal Victoria Yard, Deptford
    Herbert Edmond Cuff MD FRCS Principal Medical Officer to the Metropolitan Asylums Board
    James William Henry Culling, Assistant Director of Victualling, Admiralty
    Herbert Ashley Cunard Cummins, Chargé d'Affaires at His Britannic Majesty's Legation in Mexico
    Paymaster-in-Chief Henry Ashley Travel's Cummins, Royal Navy
    William Cunliffe JP Chairman, Rochdale Local Tribunal
    Captain Frederick Joseph Cunnington, Chief Staff Officer to County Director, and Chief Transport Officer, Middlesex, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Kathleen Alice Cuthbert, Vice-President, British Red Cross Society, Northumberland
    Olive Cuthbertson FRS Contraband Department, Foreign Office
    Captain William John Dagnall, Commodore Captain, Royal Mail Steam Packet Co.
    Percy Gough Dallinger, Assistant Director, Supplies Division, Food Production Department
    Robert Washington Dana, Secretary of the Institution of Naval Architects
    James Stewart Davidson, Honorary Secretary, County of Aberdeen War Work Association
    Commander Andrew William Davies, Royal Navy, Chief Naval Censor, Press Bureau
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Northcote Davis VD JP Chief Officer, Slough Division, Buckinghamshire Special Constabulary
    Lieutenant Albert Edward Dawson RNVR Naval Intelligence Division, Admiralty
    Margaret Darner Dawson, Commandant of Women's Police Service
    Hervey Angus de Montmorency, Secretary to the Tonnage Priority Committee; Personal Assistant to the Director of Ship Requisitioning
    Frederick Walter Dendy DCL Vice-Chairman, Northumberland Appeal Tribunal (Newcastle Panel)
    Mark Thomas Denne, Section Director, Small Arms and Machine Guns Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Commander Alexander Guthrie Denniston RNVR Naval Intelligence Division, Admiralty
    Muriel Evelyn De Rougemont, Commandant, Coombe Lodge Auxiliary Hospital, Warley, Essex
    Henry Charles Dickens, Commissioner under Military Service (Civil Liabilities) Committee
    Thomas Cantrel Dillon MD His Majesty's Consul, Porto Alegre, Brazil
    George Morton Discombe, Acting Assistant Director of Stores, Admiralty
    Gertrude Caroline Dixon DSc Secretary, Wheat Executive, Ministry of Food
    William Vibart Dixon, Deputy Clerk, Yorkshire West Riding County Council; Clerk to Yorkshire West Riding (Eastern Central) Appeal Tribunal
    James Downs JP Commander, Hull Special Constabulary
    Margaret Dudgeon, Vice-President and Acting President, Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Mildred Mabel Gordon Duff, President, Banffshire, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    George Chester Duggian, Military Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Leland Lewis Duncan MVO Chief Examiner and Acting Assistant Principal, War Office
    Malcolm James Rowley Dunstan, Food Production Commissioner for Kent and Surrey; Principal of the South Eastern Agricultural College, Wye
    Percy Durant, Manager, Paris Office of Ministry of Munitions
    Sir Arthur Isaac Durant MVO Controller of Supplies, H.M. Office of Works
    William Moore Dyball, District Superintendent, Brighton, London, Brighton and South Coast Railway
    Edward Jerome Dyer MBE Honorary General Secretary of the Vegetable Products Committee for Naval Supply
    Stephen Eastern JP Chairman, Newcastle Local Tribunal
    John Edmond, Chairman of Stirling Local Tribunal
    Lieutenant Commander Leslie Wynn Edmunds RNVR
    David John William Edwardes
    Charles James Edwards, Finance Branch Ministry of Shipping
    George Henry Edwards, Private Secretary to the Commissioner of Metropolitan Police
    James Eggar, Principal Clerk, H.M. Office of Works
    Edwin Charles Eldred, Chief of the Staff of the War Trade Department
    Captain Frederick Barnard Elliot
    Freight Manager, Royal Commission on Wheat Supplies
    John Henry Ellis, Late Town Clerk of Plymouth and Clerk to the Plymouth Local Tribunal
    Thomas Elvy Elvy, Engineering Assistant to Director of Dockyards and Repairs, Admiralty
    John Emberton JP Chairman, Cheshire War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Lieutenant Corris William Evans, Private Secretary to the Director of Transports and Shipping
    Major Herbert Evans, Principal Clerk, Ministry of Pensions
    Thomas Henry Rovston Evans JP Chairman of Fulham Local Tribunal
    Basil Preston Everett, Head of Drawing Office, Air Board, Technical Department
    William Herbert Lee Ewart, Telegram Department Foreign Office
    Robert Crosbie Farmer DSc PhD Research Department, Woolwich
    Herbert Ernest Fass, Senior Examiner, Board of Education
    Frederick J. Fedarb, Secretary in Charge, Y.M.C.A., Salisbury Plain
    Dora Fielden, Commandant of Auxiliary Hospital, Kineton, Warwickehire
    Henry Foreman, Mayor of Hammersmith
    Lady Mary Forster, Dowager Duchess of Hamilton, Donor and Commandant, Easton Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Wickham Market, Suffolk
    Cecil Lewis Fortescue, Professor of Physics, Royal Navy College, Greenwich
    Harold Augustus Fortingiton, Raw Materials Branch of Requirements and Statistics Department, Ministry of Munitions
    James Foster, Chief Engineer, W. and C. T. Jones Steamship Company, Ltd.
    Joseph Francis JP Mayor of Southend-on-Sea; Chairman, of Local Tribunal
    Leonard Benjamin Franklin, Robert Francis Franklin, Secretary to the Admiral Superintendent, H.M. Dockyard, Devonport
    Lieutenant Thomas Frazer, Technical Assistant in Statistics Department, Ministry of National Service
    Robert Freeman, Technical Assistant, Surveyor-General of Supplies Department, War Office
    The Honourable Essex Eleonor Ffrench, Honorary Secretary, Almeric Paget Military Massage Corps
    Henry Leon French, General Secretary, Food Production Department
    Reginald Thomas George French, Munitions Inventions Department
    E. J. Allan Frost, Secretary in Charge, Aldershot Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Mark Edwin Pesoott Frost ISO Secretary to the Admiral Superintendent, H.M. Dockyard, Portsmouth
    David Bowie Fulton, Section Director, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    William Raledsrh Kerr Gandell, Divisional Director in the Department of Commercial Intelligence, Board of Trade
    Lieutenant-Commander Eric Worsley Gandy RNVR
    Annie Elizabeth Gardner, Senior Organising Officer for Women's Work, London and South-Eastern Division, Employment Exchanges
    Edward Theodore Gardom, Clerk to the Gloucestershire County Council; Clerk to the Gloucestershire Appeal Tribunal
    Lieutenant John William Frederick Garvey RNVR
    George Gentry, Captain James German, Ministry of National Service
    William Doig Gibb, Consulting Gas Engineer to Explosives Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Joseph Hamilton Gibson, Mamagier of Engineering Department, Messrs. Cammell, Laird & Company, Ltd.; Member of Committee of tihe Board of Inventions and Research, Admiralty
    John Watson Gibson, Late in charge of Production of Shells, Guns and Small Arms Ammunition in U.S.A., Ministry of Munitions
    William John Gick, Naval Store Officer, Grand Fleet
    Archibald Gilchrist JP Engineering Managing Director, Messrs. Barclay, Curie & Company Limited, Glasgow
    John Gledhill, Naval Ordnance Store Officer, Crombie
    William James Glenny, Chief Staff Officer, Commercial Intelligence Department, Board of Trade
    James Thomas Goalen, Bailie of the Burgh of Leith
    Lionel Frederic Goldsmid, Finance Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Edward Gomersall, Superintending Engineer, General Post Office
    Gertrude Esperance Goodsir, Administrator and Donor, Wallacefield Auxiliary Hospital, Coombe Lane, South Croydon, Surrey
    Colonel Henry Erskine Gordon, Ex-Convener of Renfrewshire; Member of the Local Tribunal
    William James Gordon, Engine Designer and Indoor Manager, Messrs. Tickers, Ltd., Barrow
    Thomas Gowans, Senior Chief Engineer, Pacific Steam Navigation Company
    Warden Gowing, Clerk, Munitions Tribunal, London
    Mary Louise, Marchioness of Graham, Vice-President, Plomesgate Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Donor, Easton Hall, Auxiliary Hospital, Suffolk.
    Allan Graham, Commercial Adviser to His Majesty's Legation at Copenhagen
    Arthur John Wood Graham, Inspector of Munitions Areas, Newcastle
    Captain John Irvine Graham, Royal Navy, Inspector General of Customs Waterguard
    Selwyn Seafield Grant, Superintending Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 7 Area (Metropolis and S.E. England)
    Lieutenant William Grant RNVR Fishery Captain, Grimsby
    William Grant, Chief Engineer, Anchor Line
    Major John Grapes, Senior Assistant to Colonel in Charge of Records, Army Service Corps
    Robert Gray
    Edward William Green, Messrs. Green and Silley, Weir
    Mary Anne Green, Commandant, Wardown Auxiliary Hospital, Bedfordshire
    Lieutenant Donald McNeill Greig, Supply Officer in Aeroplane Supply Branch, Air Board
    The Honourable Mabel Elizabeth Georgiana Greville, Vice-President, Chelmsford Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Chairman of Red Cross Depot, Essex
    Sarah Gilbert Griffiths, Commandant and in Charge of Transport, Bristol, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem.
    Richard Henry Grimbly MRCS Assistant County Director, Ashburton Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Deputy Commissioner of St. John, Devonshire
    Wilfrid Grimshaw, Section Director, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Major Harold Grinsted, Chief Engineer, Royal Aircraft Factory
    William Edward Gundill
    Godfrey Digby Napier Haggard, Chargé d'Affaires at His Britannic Majesty's Legation in Bolivia
    William Thomas Hanman, Assistant Director, Factory Construction, Ministry of Munitions
    Jane Ewing Hannay
    Alfred John Harding, First Class Clerk, Colonial Office
    Samuel Hare JP Member of Colliery Recruiting Court, South Durham
    John Allen Harker DSc FRS Munitions Inventions Department
    Ernest Alfred Harris, Collector, Long Room, Custom House
    Emily Margaret Harrison
    Richard Frederick Hartley, Controller of Small Arms Ammunition Factory, Woolwich Arsenal
    Vernon Hartshorn JP South Wales Miners Federation; Member of Coal Mining Organization Committee; Member of Advisory Board to Controller of Coal Mines; Member of Colliery Recruiting Court, South Wales
    Theodore Edward Hart-Smith, Section Director, Department of Area Organization, Ministry of Munitions
    Ada Sophia Lucy Hatfield, Lady Secretary at Headquarters, Y.M.C.A.
    Cyril George Hatherley, Inspector of Munitions Areas, Glasgow
    Major Charles Hebert, Design Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Commander Philip Herbert RNVR
    Charles Heron-Watson, Commissioner for Sutherlandshire Boy Scouts
    Charles James Higginson, Secretary of the Restriction of Enemy Supplies Department
    George Edward Hilleary, Town Clerk of West Ham
    Percy John Hinks, Controller of Filling Factories, Woolwich Arsenal
    Albert Ernest Hoare JP Honorary Secretary and Treasurer of Suffolk Branch, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Lieutenant John Hodgens RNVR
    Charles Courtenay Hodgson, Clerk to the Cumberland County Council; Clerk to the Cumberland and Westmorland Appeal Tribunal
    John Alexander Hodgson, Late Chief Engineer, H.M. Dockyard, Sheerness
    The Honourable Elizabeth Odeyne Hodgson, Secretary and Commandant of Clopton War Hospital, Town Hall, Stratford, Warwickshire
    Captain Norman Edward Holden, Late Deputy Director-General, Mechanical Warfare, Ministry of Munitions
    Julia Holland, Donor and Commandant of Auxiliary Hospital, Brand Lodge, Colwall, Malvern
    Alfred Ewart Holly, Manager of H.M. Factory, Oldbury, Ministry of Munitions
    Constance Holmes, Lady Inspector, Army Pay Department
    Commander Gerard-Hobert Addison Holmes RNVR
    William Holmes, Accountant in the War Office
    Frederic Home, Food Production Commissioner for Devon, Cornwall and Somerset
    Frederick James Howard, Section Director, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Godfrey Valentine Howell, Head of the Shipping Intelligence Section, Ministry of Snipping
    Arthur Hughes, of the Firm of Messrs. Hughes and Son, Ltd., Opticians
    Aubrey Patrick Hughes-Gibb, Private Secretary to the Food Controller
    Gilbert Humphreys, Deputy Controller, Gun Ammunition Manufacture, Ministry of Munitions
    John Hunt, Town Clerk of Westminster, Clerk to the Westminster Local Tribunal
    Joseph Hunt ISO Deputy Civil Assistant, Woolwich Arsenal
    Thomas Charles Hunter, Superintending Civil Engineer, Director of Works Department, Admiralty
    Alan Hutchings, Chief Personal Assistant to the DirectorGeneral of Voluntary Organisations
    Arthur Hutchinson, Fellow of Pembroke College, Cambridge; University Demonstrator of Mineralogy
    Emily Fenton Arrnitage Hutton, Commandant, Brookdale Auxiliary Hospital, Alderley Edge, Cheshire
    William George Hynard, Head of the Collier Section, Ministry of Shipping
    Louis Infeld, War Trade Statistical Department
    William Edward Ireland, Late Chief Engineer, Metropolitan Munition Committee
    Lieutenant Commander Thomas Cutlhbert Irwin RNVR
    Harold Benjamin Jacks, Late Head of High Speed Steel Section, Raw Materials Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    John Jackson, Trades Commissioner of the National Service Department, and Technical Adviser to the Reserved Occupations Committee
    Laura Jackson, Vice-President, Solihull Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Donor, Norton Cottage and Springfield Auxiliary Hospitals, Warwickshire
    George Charles James, Principal Clerk and Rating Surveyor to the Corporation of London; Clerk to the City of London Tribunal
    Henry Charles Jefferies, Late Secretary to Advisory Committee, Controlled Establishments Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    William Douglas Johnston, Principal Technical Officer, Fish Supplies Branch, Ministry of Food
    Arthur Jones, Superintendent, Remount Depot, Worcester
    Arthur Dansey Jones, Locomotive Running Superintendent, South-Eastern and Chatham Railway
    Patrick Nicholas Hill Jones, Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Supervisory) London, Metropolitan Area, Ministry of Munitions
    Samuel Nathan Jones, Chairman, Monmouthshire War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Lieutenant Theodore Warren Jones RNR[12]
    John Francis Jones, Adviser to Contraband Department on Wool Questions
    Andrew Cassels Kay, Assistant Charity Commissioner
    Sydney Herbert Kaye, Secretary of the Plate Refrigerated Tonnage Committee
    Rupert Hales Headlam Keenlyside, Section Director of Labour Regulation Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Alfred Evans Kelly, Chief Engineer, Tatem Steam Navigation Company
    Elizabeth Hariott Kelly MBE War Pensions Committee and Portsmouth Local Charities, Portsmouth
    The Reverend John Kelman DD Y.M.C.A. Worker
    Commander Hubert Wynn Kenrick RD Royal Naval Reserve Shipping Intelligence Officer, London
    Lady Anne Kerr, County Director and Vice-President for Midlothian, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Samuel Kidner, Member of the President of the Board of Agriculture's Food Production Department Advisory Committee
    Arthur Ernest Kimpton, Secretary to the Admiral Superintendent, H.M. Dockyard, Chatham
    Mary Liddon King, Commandant and Vice President, Standish Auxiliary Hospital, Stonehouser Gloucestershire
    The Honourable Emily Kinnaird, Director of Appeal, Munition Workers' Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Arthur Ernest Kirkus, Statistical Department, Admiralty
    William Dennett Kirkwood, Superintending Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 9 Area (W. Scotland)
    Matthew Kissane, Assistant Director of Materials and Priority, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    Christopher Newman Knight, Section Director, Contracts Branch, Air Board
    Constance Mary, Lady Knowles, Vice-President of Camberley Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John; Commandant of Camberley Auxiliary Hospital, Surrey
    Edwin Max Konstam, Assistant Director, Local Organisation Division, Food Production Department
    Herman Landau, Chairman of the Jewish Refugees Committee
    Evelyn Louisa Lascelles, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Grove House, Harrogate
    George Philip Langton, Section Director of Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Clement Martin le Breton KC Commissioner under Military Service (Civil Liabilities) Committee
    James Crawford Ledlie, Chief Clerk, and Deputy Clerk of the Council, Privy Council Office
    John William Lee, Commandant and Organiser of Transport in Lincolnshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Alice Gwynllyan Lee-Williams, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Gloucester
    Henry Aufrere Leggett, First Class Clerk, Local Government Board
    Lady Ada Edwina Stewart Lewin, Acting Commandant, Ascot Auxiliary Military Hospital, Berkshire
    Herbert David William Lewis, Deputy Commissioner for the Order of St. John of Jerusalem in South Wales
    Ruth Lewis, Lady Superintendent, Earl Street Y.M.C.A.
    Alan Wadsworth Lidderdale, Contraband Department, Foreign Office
    Tinsley Lindley LLD Chief Officer, Nottingham Special Constabulary
    James Brown Lindsay, Cashier. H.M. Dockyard, Chatham
    Staff Paymaster James Scott Little, Royal Naval Reserve
    Captain Arthur Athelwold Lloyd DSO Secretary, Sussex Territorial Force Association
    George Richard Boycott Loch, Section Director, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    John Lomax DL JP Secretary, Merioneth and Montgomery Territorial Force Association
    William Low, Acting Convener of Fifeshire; Member of Appeal Tribunal
    Thomas Martin Lowry DSc FRS Technical Adviser on Amatol, Ministry of Munitions
    Mildred Lowther, Lady Superintendent, Army Pay, Department
    Major Edward James Lugard DSO Naval Intelligence Division
    Charles Lupton, Ex-Lord Mayor of Leeds
    Captain Robert J. MacAlpine, Member of British Military Equipments Section in Russia, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Symington Macaulay, Provost of the Burgh of Dumfries; Chairman of Local Tribunal
    George William MacDonald, Chief Chemist to Messrs. Curtis and Harvey, Ltd.
    James Macdonald, Chief Engineer, Cunard Steamship Co., Ltd.
    Sheena Macdonald, Secretary, St. Marylebone Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Hugh Macfarlane, Manager, Singer Manufacturing Company, Limited, Glasgow
    Peter Macfarlane JP Provost of Port Glasgow
    Finlay Matheson Mackenzie JP
    John Mackintosh, Section Director, Trench Warfare Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    William MacLennan JP Chairman of Local Tribunal, Kirkwall
    Charles Henry MacLintock, Section Director, Finance Department Ministry of Munitions
    Henry William Macrosty, Assistant Director of the Census of Production, Board of Trade
    Captain Edmund Distin Maddick FRCS
    Mary Sybil Mainwaring, Part Donor and Commandant, Trimpley Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Ellesmere, Shropshire
    Jessy Mair, Head of Bacon Distribution Section, Ministry of Food
    Albany Featherstonehaugh Major, Principal Clerk in the War Office
    Frederick Henry Dumas Man, Senior Partner of Messrs. E. D. and F. Man, Mincing Lane
    Arthur Woodroffe Manton, Late in Charge of Production of Lewis Guns, Copper Driving Bands, Brass Rods, etc., in U.S.A., Ministry of Munitions
    Charles William Maplesden, Assistant Director of Barrack Construction, War Office
    Winifred Marsden, Commandant, Colliton Auxiliary Hospital, Dorchester
    Ernest William Marsh, General Manager of Woolcombers, Ltd.; Chairman of the Woolcombers Federation
    The Honourable Joan Marsham, Lady Superintendent, Queen Mary Y.M.C.A. Hostel for Officers and Y.M.C.A. Hut, Sloane Square
    Charles Selwyn Martin, Assistant Director of Horticulture and Head of Food Preserving Section, Food Production Department
    Hubert Stanley Martin, Chief Passport Officer, Foreign Office
    Alexander Neil Mason, First Class Manager, Leeds Employment Exchange
    James Matson, Chief Investigation Officer for Scotland, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Matthews, Manager, Messrs. Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd., Openshaw
    Thomas Leigh Matthews, Late Section Director, Department of Area Organization, Ministry of Munitions
    Percy Matthey JP Managing Director, Messrs. Johnson, Matthey and Co., Ltd., London
    Captain Leslie Blythe Maxwell, Officer Commanding Friends Ambulance Unit, France and Belgium
    Richard Cowdy Maxwell LLD Inspector, Local Government Board
    Katharine Edith May, Secretary, Hampstead Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Donor and Administrator, Cedar Lawn Auxiliary Hospital, Hampstead
    Frances McAdam, Commandant, Greenhill Auxiliary Hospital, Sherborne
    James McCaffery, Superintending Electrical Engineer's Department, Admiralty
    Charles Home McCall, Section Director, Raw Materials Department, Ministry of Munitions
    John McCann, Chairman of the Hull Fishing Vessel Owners Association, and Port Fishery Captain
    Robert McCann, Headquarters-Staff, Y.M.C.A.
    William McClelland, Electrical Engineering Assistant to Director of Dockyards and Repairs, Admiralty
    Lieutenant-Commander William Holdsworth McConnel RNVR
    Department of the Director of Torpedoes and Mining, Admiralty
    Thomas McEwen, Traffic Manager, Highland Railway
    Andrew McFarlane, Acting Assistant Superintendent of Ordnance Stores
    Joseph McFarlane, Chief Engineer, Donaldson Line
    Howard Addison McFerran, Chief Engineer, H.M. Office of Works
    James McGowan
    John James McKeown, Manager, Messrs. Vickers, Limited, Barrow
    Richard McLaren, of the Firm of Messrs. Babcock & Wilcox, Ltd.
    Captain Peter McLean, Anchor Line, Ltd.
    Captain Neil McNeil, Ellerman City Line
    Gilbert McPherson, General Manager, Georgetown Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Wilfrid Medd, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    Alexander James Pople Menzies, Sheriff Substitute of Caithness; Chairman of Appeal Tribunal
    George Babbington Michell, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Para.
    William Millar, Head of the Greenock and Grangemouth Dockyard Company
    Arnold Henry Miller, Town Clerk of Norwich; Clerk to the Local Tribunal
    Frank Lawrence Miller, Assistant Chief of Section, Central Office, Employment Department, Ministry of Labour
    Arthur Noel Mobbs, Assistant Director, Mechanical Cultivation Division, Food Production Department
    James Moffat JP Provost of the Burgh of Forfar
    Alexander Moir, Metropolitan Superintending Engineer, General Post Office
    Thomas Fell Molyneux, District Superintendent (London), London and South Western Railway
    Frederick William Moneypenny MVO Secretary to the Lord Mayor of Belfast
    Major Charles Babington Smith Monfries, Finance Secretary to the Commission Internationale de Ravitaillement
    David Taylor Monteith, Deputy Director of Naval Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Evelyn Moore, Organiser of Canteens, Hostels and Clubs, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Harold Moore, Research Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    Jasper Frederick More, Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    Charles Morgan, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Rome
    Henry Morris, Superintendent of Royal Clarence Yard, Gosport.
    Colonel John Morrison MVO VD JP Chairman of Local Tribunal, Golspie, Sutherland
    George A. Morrow, Director of Aviation, Imperial Munitions Board, Canada
    Owen Edward Mott PhD Head Chemist at H.M. Factory, Oldbury, Ministry of Munitions
    George Frederick Mulherion, Managing Director of the Tyne Iron Shipbuilding Company, Ltd.
    William Murison, County Clerk of Aberdeenshire
    Howard Murray, Chairman of Explosives Committee, Imperial Munitions Board, Canada
    James Murray, Chairman, Surrey War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Thomas Roberts Murray, Managing Director of Messrs. Spencer & Company, Ltd., Melksham
    William Nash
    Ethel Nest Newall, Commandant and Organiser of Auxiliary Hospital, Dilston Hall, Corbridge; Commandant of Auxiliary Hospital, Northumberland 22
    Leonard Newitt, Electrical Engineer, H.M. Dockyard, Chatham
    Archibald Newlands, Engineer and Secretary, Dundee Munitions Board of Management
    Florence Jane Helen, Dowager Baroness Nunburnholme, Donor, Naval Hospital, Hull
    Francis George Nutt, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    Wing-Commander Alec Ogilvie, Royal Naval Air Service, Head of Aeroplane Design Section, Air Board Technical Department
    James George O'Keefe, War Office and Ministry of Munitions Financial Representative in U.S.A
    Reta Oldham, Chairman of Headmistresses Committee for Inspecting Girls from Secondary Schools for Employment at War Office
    John William Lambton Oliver, Naval Store Officer, H.M. Dockyard, Devonport
    Philip Milner Oliver, County Secretary, East Lancashire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Jonathan Orchard, Deputy Chief Inspector, Customs and Excise
    Frederic Stanley Osgood MVO Clerk of the Central Chancery of Orders of Knighthood
    Henry Overman JP
    Lieutenant-Commander Henry Edward Clarence Paget RNVR
    Marian Palmer. District Superintendent and Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Whinney House, Gateshead
    Philip Palmer, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Winnie Pardoe, Organiser and Commandant, St. John Hospital, Barry Island, Glamorgan
    Thomas Park, First Class Manager, Shoreditch Employment Exchange
    George Phillips Parker JP Mayor of Holborn; Chairman, Holborn Local Tribunal
    Owen Parker JP Chairman of the Local Advisory Committee, Kettering
    Ethel Mary Parker-Jervis, Commandant, Sandon Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Staffordshire
    Harry Edgar Parlett, Assistant Director of Ship Repairs, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    Clifford Copland Paterson, National Physical Laboratory
    Lieutenant Thomas Paterson, Inspector, Sheffield Special Constabulary
    Alexander Alan Paton, Assistant in the United States to the Trade Department, Foreign Office (Declined honour)[12]
    Robert G. Patterson, Member of the President of the Board of Agriculture's Food Production Department Advisory Committee
    C. L. Paus, Commercial Attaché, His Britannic Majesty's Legation, Norway
    Walter Payne, Section Director of Labour Regulation Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Ernest Alfred John Pearce, Assistant Director of Warship Production, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    Commander Claud Pearce-Serocold RNVR Naval Intelligence Division
    Evelyn Pease, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Richmond, North Yorkshire
    Lucy Victoria Pease, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Red Barns, North Yorkshire
    Constance Dorothy Evelyn Peel, Joint Head of Women's Service Section in Food Economy Division, Ministry of Food
    Alice Louisa Pendarves, Deputy President, Cornwall, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Emily Penrose, Principal of Somerville College, Oxford
    William Gordon Perrin, Secretary to the Fifth Sea Lord, Admiralty
    William Pettifor, Secretary to the Deputy Controller for Armament Production, Admiralty
    Engineer-Commander Arthur Edward Philip RNR Senior Chief Engineer, Canadian Pacific Ocean Services
    Herbert Phillips, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Shanghai
    Owen Surtees Phillpotts, Commercial Attache, His Britannic Majesty's Legation, Sweden
    Edith Picton-Turbervill, Director of Appeal, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Mary Louisa Piercy, Organising Secretary, Munitions Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Albert John Pitcher, Architect, First Class, H.M. Office of Works
    William Charles Platt, Assistant Clerk in Charge of Accounts, Home Office
    Annie Constance, Lady Plumer, Lady Superintendent, Aldwych Y.M.C.A. Hut
    Squadron-Commander Charles Frederick Pollock, Royal Naval Air Service
    Augustus Frank Pool, First Class Surveyor of Taxes, Inland Revenue
    Herbert Porter, Section Director, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles James Procter JP Y.M.C.A. Worker in Lancashire
    Walter Byron Prosser, Clerk to the Kent County Council; Clerk to the West Kent Appeal Tribunal
    William John Pulford, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Tampico
    Edward Joseph Rabbit, Naval Store Officer, H.M. Dockyard, Rosyth
    Francis Edward Raikes MVO Senior King's Foreign Messenger
    Andrew Agnew Ralston, Chairman of Local Tribunal, Philpstoun, West Lothian
    Lieutenant-Commander James Randall RNVR Naval Intelligence Division
    Hugh Fraser Rankin, Secretary of the Butter and Cheese Advisory Committee and the Butter Import Committee, Ministry of Food
    Captain Joseph Barlow Ranson, Senior Captain, White Star Line
    Constance Lilian Ratcliff, Commandant, Race Course Hospital, Cheltenham
    Henry Stephenson Ratcliffe, Director of Trade Negotiations, Shipyard Labour Department, Admiralty
    Philip Bealby Reckitt JP Organiser, Reckitt's Auxiliary Hospital, Hull
    Frank William Reed, Director, Messrs. Craven Bros., Ltd., Stockport
    William Reed, Shipyard Manager at Smith's Dock Company, Ltd.
    W. Maxwell Reekie, Second Officer, Manchester Special Constabulary
    James Daniel Rees, Senior Clerk, Exchequer and Audit Department
    Lieutenant Maurice Ambrose Regan RNVR Naval Transport Officer, Hull; formerly Representative of Messrs. W. Mathwin and Son, Admiralty Coaling Agents at Hull
    George Reid MD Medical Officer of Health, Staffordshire County Council
    William George Riddell, Partner of Messrs. Hastie and Company, Ltd., Greenock
    Mary Stephanie Ridley, Vice-President, Wincanton District Somersetshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Edmond John Riley, Assistant Principal and Assistant Director of Army Contracts, War Office
    Walter Lockhart Rind, Principal Clerk, Ministry of Pensions
    Hugh Ritchie, Prize Court Department, Foreign Office
    Commander Thomas Henry Roberts-Wray RNVR Executive Officer, Royal Navy, Depot, Crystal Palace
    John Robertson MD Medical Officer of Health, Birmingham
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Robertson VC Recruiting Staff Officer, Edinburgh
    Edwin Robinson, Manager, Messrs. Vickers Ltd., Sheffield
    Roy Lister Robinson, Superintending Forestry Inspector, Board of Agriculture
    William Henry Robinson, Assistant in Financial Department, Foreign Office
    Alliott Verdon Roe
    Captain Tanner Montagu Rogers, Production Officer, Aeroplane Supply Branch, Coventry District
    Muriel Augusta Gillian Rogers, President of Radnor Branch, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Commandant of Auxiliary Hospital No. 2, Radnor
    Noel Burn Rosher, Inspector of Munitions Areas, Birmingham
    Hugh Henderson Ross, Finance Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Godfrey Rotter, Research Department, Woolwich
    Christopher Foulis Roundell, Inspector, Local Government Board
    Amy Isabel, Lady Rowley, Vice-President of Guildford Division British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Donor, Red Cross Annexe of Royal Surrey County Hospital.
    Frederick Henry Royce, Director and Chief Engineer, Rolls-Royce Ltd.
    Frank William Ruddle, Chief Engineer, White Star Line
    Norah Cecil Runge, Lady Superintendent, Free Buffet for Soldiers and Sailors, Paddington Station
    Frederick Vernon Russell, Superintendent of Operations, Great Eastern Railway
    John Russell MB Vice-President of Burslem and Tunstall Division, and Assistant County Director for the North Staffordshire Area, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Annie Rutherford, Honorary Secretary, North Riding of Yorkshire Branch, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    George Rutherford Thomson, Provost of Arbroath; Chairman of Local Tribunal
    John Ryan, Assistant Inspector of Dockyard Expense Accounts, Admiralty
    Louise Victoria Samuel, War Refugees Committee
    David Sandison, Provost of the Burgh of Wick
    Bertram Edward Sargeaunt, Clerk of the Council and Government Secretary and Treasurer, Isle of Man
    Frederick James Saunders
    District Stores Superintendent, Glasgow, Ministry of Munitions
    Edwin Savill, Member of the President of the Board of Agriculture's Food Production Department Advisory Committee
    Francis Ernest Saville, Chief Adminstration Officer, Leeds Special Constabulary
    Albert Edwin Sawday JP Chairman of Leicester Local Tribunal
    Sidney Scott, Collector of Customs and Excise, Glasgow
    Commander Thomas George Segrave, Royal Naval Reserve, Shipping Surveyor and Adviser, India Office
    George Bertrand Sharpies, Engineer and Director of Messrs. C. J. Wills and Sons, Ltd.
    Edward Burgess Sharpley, Town Clerk of Stoke-on-Trent; Clerk to the Local and Appeal Tribunal
    Fleet-Paymaster Edward Haweis Shearme, Royal Navy, Assistant Chief Censor, Admiralty
    Frank Sheppard, Lord Mayor of Bristol; Member of Bristol Local Tribunal
    William Alfred Thomas Shorto, Secretary, Auxiliary Shipbuilding Department, Admiralty
    Herbert John Simmonds, Secretary to the Advisory Committee to the Military Service'(Civil Liabilities) Committee
    Colonel Robert Henville Simonds VD DL JP Secretary, Dorset Territorial Force Association
    Sophia Flora Skipwith, Commandant, Loversall Auxiliary Hospital, Doncaster
    George Philip Skipworth, Assistant Commercial Attache, His Britannic Majesty's Legation, Switzerland
    Alfred Smith, Managing Director, Messrs. Hattersley and Sons, Ltd., Kingsbury
    Charles Smith, Principal Clerk, Pay Office
    Ernest Wentworth Smith, Deputy Controller, Gauges Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Frank Edward Smith Superintendent, Electrical Department, National Physical Laboratory
    George Henry Cheverton Smith, Secretary and Cashier, H.M. Dockyard, Pembroke Dock
    Herbert Smith JP President of the Yorkshire Miners Association and Vice-President of the Miners Federation of Great Britain
    John Arthur Smith, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    Captain Rowland Siddons Smith, Translator to His Britannic Majesty's Embassy, Petrograd
    Thomas Blampey Smith, Manager, Coventry Ordnance Works, Ltd., Coventry
    William Sydney Smith Inspector of Factories (Dangerous Trades)
    Florence Mary Snowden, Organising Secretary, Voluntary Helpers, Munition Workers Canteen Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    F. N. Southam, Director, 60-pounder and 4.5 H.E. Shell Production, Imperial Munitions Board, Canada
    Charles Joseph Southgate Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    Mary Gertrude Catherine Hitchcock Spencer, Central Women's Employment Bureau for the Relief of the Professional Classes
    Rose Elizabeth Squire, Deputy Principal Lady Inspector of Factories
    Alfred Edward Staniland JP Chairman of the Spilsby Local Emergency Committee, Lincolnshire
    Frank Robert Stapley, Section Director, Contracts Branch, Air Board
    Charles Stein MD Commandant and Medical Officer, Park House Auxiliary Hospital, Shipston-on-Stour, Warwickshire
    Major Charles Hubert Stemp, Operating Superintendent, North British Railway
    George Routledge Stenson, Superintending Inspector of Taxes
    Richard Henry Stephenson, Manager, Messrs. Smith's Dock Company, Ltd., North and South Shields
    Frederick Stevens, Town Clerk of Bradford; Clerk to the Bradford Local Tribunal
    Ida Kathleen Stevens, Area Controller, Woman's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Patrick William Joseph Stevens, His Majesty's Consul, Batoum
    May Margaret Stevenson, Unit Administrator, Woman's Army Auxiliary Corps
    William March Stevenson, Financial Expert Adviser to the Finance Section, Ministry of Blockade
    Alice Margaret Stewart, President Depute, Lanarkshire, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Athole Stewart, Telegram Department, Foreign Office
    James Stewart, Works Manager, The Caton Engineering Company's Torpedo Factory
    William Allison Stewart, Commercial Services Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Rufus Stirk, Director, Messrs. John Stirk & Sons, Ltd., Halifax
    Commander Thomas Willing Stirling, Royal Navy, Operations Division, Admiralty
    Frederick William Stobart, George William Stonestreet, Inspector of Stamping, Inland Revenue
    Major Harry Vane Stow VD Secretary of the Newspapers for the Fleet Committee, London Chamber of Commerce
    Henrietta Mary Amy Strachey, Vice-President of Division and Commandant of Newlands Corner Auxiliary Hospital, Merrow Downs, Guildford, Surrey
    Evelyn Olive Streatfeild, Commandant, Hammerton House Auxiliary Hospital, Sunderland
    Mary Corisande Streatfeild, Donor and Administrator, Officers Hospital, 24, Park Street, Mayfair, London
    Emily Mary Charlotte Strutt, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Belper, Derbyshire
    George Stubbs FIC Superintending Analyst, Government Laboratory
    George Edward Suter MVO Manager, Constructive Department, H.M. Dockyard, Rosyth
    Percival Francis Swain, Principal Clerk, Public Trustee Office
    William Henry Swain, Senior Clerk, Military Department, India Office
    George Percy Tallboy, Private Secretary to the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Food
    Arthur Enfield Taylor, Head of Establishment Branch, Explosives Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain David Taylor, Master, Donaldson Line
    George Stevenson Taylor, Deputy Inspector under the Aliens Act
    John Taylor, Manager, Messrs. Mather and Platt, Ltd., Manchester
    Richard Henry Taylor, Of the Firm, of Messrs. Topham, Jones and Railton, Ltd.
    Captain Thomas McComb Taylor, Royal Naval Reserve, Master, Pacific Steam Navigation Company
    Captain Louis George Tebbs, District Stores Superintendent, London, Ministry of Munitions
    Alfred Edward Tedder, Superintending Aliens Officer
    Ivy Gladys Tennyson, Head of Womens Establishment Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    David John Thomas, Manager and Secretary, Llanelly Munitions Board of Management
    Edgar William Thomas, Financial Adviser to the Public Trustee
    Captain John Thomas
    Lillie Thomas, Donor and Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Dinas Powis, Glamorgan
    Walter John Thomas, Managing Director, Messrs. George Driver and Son, London
    Mary Thompson, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire
    Robert John Thompson, Head of Fertilisers Section, Food Production Department
    Margaret Edith Thomson, Commandant, Divisional Auxiliary Hospital, Ampthill Road Schools, Bedford
    William Thomas Thomson, Manager, Royal Naval Cordite Factory, Holton Heath
    Daisy Thornely, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Devizes
    William Thornton, Clerk, Munitions Tribunal, Leeds
    Duncan Todd, Secretary, Reserved Occupations Committee
    Joseph Henry Towsey, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Milan
    Herbert Arthur Previte Trendell MVO Chief Clerk of the Central Chancery of Orders of Knighthood
    George Harry Male Trew, Acting Superintending Civil Engineer, H.M. Dockyard, Invergordon
    The Honourable Stella Tufton, Lady Superintendent, Alexandra Y.M.C.A. Hostel for Officers
    Captain William Thomas Turner, Cunard Steamship Co., Ltd.
    Armigill Thomas Turpin, Assistant Comptroller of Accounts and Stores, Prisor Commission
    George Frederick Tweedy, Engineering Director, Messrs. Swan, Hunter and Wighain Richardson, Ltd.
    Walter Clifford Tyndale
    Hugh Harman Underbill, Assistant Superintendent of Charts, Hydrographic Department, Admiralty
    Harry Archbutt Venables ISO Principal Clerk, Ministry of Pensions
    James William Verdier, Superintendent of Staff, Census of Production, Board of Trade
    Percy Venables Vernon, Section Director, Machine Tool Department, Ministry of Munitions
    David Arthur Fitzgerald Vesey, Legal Draftsman, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Harry Walker, Messrs. Clark, Chapman & Company, Ltd., Gateshead-on-Tyne
    Falconer Lewis Wallace, Commission Internationale de Ravitaillement, Board of Trade
    William Reeve Wallace, Chief Clerk, Judicial Department, Privy Council Office
    Cecil Walton JP Manager, Cardonald National Projectile Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Warburton, Director of the Bleachers Association, Ltd.
    Leonard Ward, Late Superintending Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 4 Area (Midlands)
    Henry Brooks Warner, Prisoners of War Department, Foreign Office
    Robert A. S. Waters, Manager, Messrs. Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd., York
    Arthur William Watson, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Establishment Branch, Whitehall Gardens, Ministry of Munitions[12]
    Henry Watson, Messrs. H. Watson & Sons, Newcastle-on-Tyne
    Isaac Adolphus Herbert Watson, Superintendent of Stores & Transit, H.M. Stationery Office
    William Elder Watson JP Member of Appeal Tribunal, Elgin
    Edgar Charles Watts, Naval Store Officer, H.M. Dockyard, Chatham
    Henry Weatherill, Principal Clerk and Actuary to the National Debt Commissioners
    Frederick William Herron Weaver, Ministry of Shipping
    Cecil Dunstan Webb, Procurator-General's Department
    Amherst Webber, Director, Passport Control Office, Paris
    William Goold Weir, Partner of Messrs. David Rowan & Company, Glasgow
    Thomas George Raymond Wells, War Office Meat Expert
    Basil Eliot Wenham, Section Director, Raw Materials Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Edmund Arthur Robert Werner, Inspector of Factories
    Captain John Andrew Chilton Wetherall, Secretary, Northampton Territorial Force Association
    Charles Joseph Wharton, Deputy Director of Inspection, Munitions Areas, Sheffield
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Henry Anthony Wharton VD
    Arthur Rabbitts White JP Chairman, Wiltshire War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Frederick White, Secretary of the Australasian Refrigerated Tonnage Committee
    Frederick Wickham, Controller, Money Order Department, General Post Office
    Commander Edmund Wildy VD RNVR Drafting Commander, Royal Navy, Department, Crystal Palace
    Lieutenant Norman Wilkinson RNVR RI
    Frank Eliot Williams, Chairman of one of the Licensing Committees of the War Trade Department
    Major Ronald Frederick Williams, Assistant Director, Shipyard Labour Department, Admiralty
    Arthur Maitland Wilson DL JP Chairman of the Organising Emergency Committee, West Suffolk
    Geraldine Wilson, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Stanwick Park, North Yorkshire
    George Gordon Wilson, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Callao
    George Heron Wilson, Assistant Controller, Priority Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Harry James Wilson, Superintending Inspector of Factories
    Hubert Wilberforce Wilson, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Guayaquil
    Thomas Wilson JP Member of Lanarkshire Appeal Tribunal
    Lieutenant-Commander Harry Egerton Wimperis RNVR
    William Humphris Winny, A Knight of Grace and Deputy Commissioner of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    James Wood, Chief Inspector, Board of Agriculture for Scotland
    James Wood, Director of Shrapnel Production, Imperial Munitions Board, Canada
    Joseph Woods Senior Dental Surgeon, Mirren, Switzerland
    William James Uglow Woolcock, Secretary, Pharmaceutical Society; Assistant Director of Army Contracts
    Frank Vigers Worthington, Deputy Chief Censor, War Office
    Anthony Andrew Augustine Wotzel, Chief Staff Officer, Labour Statistics Department, Ministry of Labour
    Charles Francis Wright, Superintending Inspector of Factories
    Hugh Copner Wynne-Edwards, Section Director, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Aline Wythes, Vice-President, Epping Division, British Red Cress and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Commandant of Theydon Towers Auxiliary Hospital, Epping, Essex
    Sophia Bruce Yeoman, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Sleights, North Yorkshire
    Frederick William Young, Naval Salvage Adviser
    James Young, Senior Instructor in Science, Royal Military Academy
    Robert Hellyer Young, Ministry of Shipping
    Sidney Young, Managing Director of the British Argentine Meat Company

For services in connection with the War in France, Egypt and Salonika —

    William Austin, Young Men's Christian Association Secretary for the 1st and 3rd Armies
    Alice Chisholm, Organiser and Superintendent of the Soldiers' Club and Rest Camp, Kantara Railway Station, Egypt
    Isabel Currie, Founder and Manager of the British Soldiers' Club, Havre
    Richard Hare Duke, Deputy Chief Engineer, Egyptian State Railways
    George Herbert Griffith, Traffic Superintendent, Egyptian State Railways
    William Jessop, Manager, Young Men's Christian Association, Egypt
    Charles John Magrath DLitt Superintendent, Young Men's Christian Association, France
    Sydney H. Wells, Director-General of Technical Education, Egypt

    British India

    Constance Fraser, President, Hyderabad Ladies War Relief Association
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Leslie Jacob CIE Indian Army, Political Department, Political Agent, Zhob, Baluchistan
    Major Arthur Dennys Gilbert Ramsay CIE Indian Army, Political Department, Political Agent, Loralai, Baluchistan
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Batten Huddleston, Agent, Burma Railways, Honorary Aide-de-Camp to the Lieutenant-Governor of Burma, Vice-Chairman, Rangoon Port Trust
    David Petrie CIE Indian Police
    Godfrey Charles Denham CIE Indian Police
    Cowasji Jehangir, Merchant, Bombay
    Sarat Kumar Mullick MD Honorary Secretary, Bengalee Regiment Committee, Private Medical Practitioner, Calcutta
    Thomas Steel Downie, Secretary, Karachi Port Trust
    Arthur Alexander Carnegie, Commander of the Cable Steamer Patrick Stewart
    Edward John Buck, Honorary Secretary of "Our Day" in India

    Commonwealth of Australia

    Elizabeth Anderson, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Percy Arnold, for services in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society in England
    Doctor Edith Helen Barrett, Honorary Secretary, Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Charles Austin Bunworth Campion, for services in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society in England
    Mary Elizabeth Maud Chomley, for services in connection with the Australian Branch of the British' Red Cross Society in England
    Adelaide, Lady Creswell, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Vera Deakin, for services in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society in England
    James Oswald Fairfax, Chairman of the New South Wales Division, Australian Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Jeannie Gilruth, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edwyn Walton Hayward, Commissioner, Australian Red Cross Society[12]
    Gwyneforde, Lady James, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    A. E. Miller, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Mary Elizabeth, Lady Miller, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Gladys Owen, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    F. Mary Parker, Honorary Secretary, Southern Tasmanian Division, Australian Red Cross
    Philadelphia Una Robertson, Secretary, Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Kathleen Kyffin Thomas, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Herbert Carey Tucker, Initiator of the Button Scheme
    Reginald Edward Weigall MB Organiser of motor service for the reception of returned and wounded soldiers

    Egypt and the Sudan

    Arthur Thomas Lloyd, War Trade Department
    James Francis Gordon Hopkins, Chief Inspector, Ministry of Finance
    Arthur Ferguson MacCallan FRCS Director of Ophthalmic Hospitals
    Albert William Hazel, Inspector of Interior
    Edward Harry Grogan, Chief Inspector of Marine, Ports and Lights Administration
    Lindsay Edward Bury, Inspector of Irrigation
    Frank Pears Watson, Inspector of State Buildings, Department of Public Works
    Harold Preece Hewins, Secretary of Sudan Economic Board
    George Ehret Iles, Governor of Blue Nile Province
    Clement Gaukroger Hodgson, Chief Mechanical Engineer, Sudan Railways
    William Crothers Hornblower, Organiser of the Refugee Camps at Alexandria and Port Said
    Norman Macnaghten, Inspector, Ministry of Interior

    Dominion of New Zealand

    Fanny Boyle
    Heni Materoa, Lady Carroll
    James John Clark, Mayor of the City of Dunedin
    Lavinia Coates
    David Whamond Duthie
    James Henry Gunson, Mayor of the City of Auckland
    Jessie Gunson
    Henry Holland, Mayor of the City of Christchurch
    Jane Holland
    Helen Lowry
    Miria Woodbine Pomare
    Arthur Edgar Gravenor Rhodes
    Eva Lydia Rutherford
    Mary Downie Stewart
    Agnes Vernon Wigram
    Hilda Williams, for services in connection with the Hospitality Committee of the New Zealand War Contingent Association

    Union of South Africa

    Theodora Mildred Amphlett, Honorary Secretary, South African Comforts Committee in London
    Norman Anstey, late Mayor of Johannesburg
    Reginald Andrew Blankenberg, Assistant Secretary to the High Commissioner in London for the Union of South Africa
    The Honourable Albert Browne CMG ISO Joint Honorary Secretary, Governor-General's Fund
    The Honourable Phyllis Sydney Buxton, for Hospital and Convalescent work
    Penelope Louise Chappe, of the Red Cross Committee, Durban
    Gowan Cresswell Strange Clark CMG Assistant General Manager, South African Railways
    Mary Elizabeth Davis, of the Women's Patriotic.League, Pietermaritzburg
    Walter Greenacre, of the Governor-General's Fund and other Committees, Durban
    Helen Lena, Lady Juta
    Elizabeth Tryphena Lewis, of the Comforts Committee, Cape Town
    Ellen Maria Louisa Mackeurtan, of the Women's Patriotic League, Durban
    Susannah Brandt Marx, of the Comforts Committee, Johannesburg
    Joseph Henry Nicolson, Mayor of Durban
    John Wesley O'Hara, late Mayor of Johannesburg
    John Parker, late Mayor of Cape Town
    Henry William Sampson, Member of the Executive Committee, Governor-General's Fund
    Sybil Annie, Lady Smartt, of the Red Cross and other War Fund Committees
    Maud Elizabeth, Lady Solomon
    Colonel the Honourable Walter Ernest Mortimer Stanford CB CMG Chairman, Recruiting Committee, Cape Town
    Major Edward Albert Sturman, Honorary Secretary, South African Gifts and Comforts Committee
    John Taylor, Chairman, Johannesburg Local Committee of the Governor-General's Fund
    Carel Johannes van Zijl, for services in connection with recruiting

    Newfoundland

    Adeline Elizabeth Browning, for services in connection with the reception and treatment of returned sailors and soldiers
    Charles O'Neill Conroy KC Commandant of the Catholic Cadet Corps
    Katharine Emerson, Treasurer of the Women's Patriotic Association
    Walter Baine Grieve, Honorary Secretary of the Recruiting Committee
    Eleonora Thompson MacPherson, Member of the Executive of the Women's Patriotic Association
    Florence Lavinia Paterson, Member of the Committee for receiving returned soldiers
    Robert George Rendell, Organiser of the Cadet Corps

    Crown Colonies, Protectorates, etc.

    Chaloner Grenville Alabaster, for services in connection with the Cable Censorate, Hong Kong
    John Humber Allwood, for services to the Government of Jamaica and to War charities
    Captain James Leo Berne, District Commissioner, Somaliland Protectorate, for services in connection with the supply of camels for the Egyptian Expeditionary Force
    Amy Isabel, Lady Bullock, for services in aid of War charities in the Bermuda Islands
    Albert Ruskin Cook MD Medical Officer, Church Missionary Society Hospital, Kampala, Uganda
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Cran, Commanding the British Honduras Territorial Force
    Anthony de Freitas, Chief Justice and Acting Administrator of the Island of St. Vincent
    Gertrude Drayton, Secretary, King George and Queen Mary Victoria League Clubs for men of the Oversea Forces
    Ada Maud, Lady Egerton; for services to War and other charities in British Guiana
    Muriel Harriet Felton; for services rendered to the British Squadron on the occasion of the Naval Battle of the Falkland Islands, 8 December 1914
    John Campbell Fisher, Auditor, and Head of the Food Control Office, Malta
    Stanley Hewitt Fletcher, late-Consul at Chinde, and Agent there of the Nyasaland Government
    John Talfourd Furley, Secretary for Native Affairs, Gold Coast Colony
    The Honourable Evelyn Graham Murray, Lady Superintendent of Peel House, King George and Queen Mary's Club for the Oversea Forces
    George Frederick Huggins, for services in connection with recruiting and in securing employment for discharged soldiers, Trinidad
    Edward St. John Jackson, Legal Adviser, Colony of the Gambia
    Williard Frank James, Mayor of Blantyre, and Chairman of the Central War Funds Committee, Nyasaland Protectorate
    Robert Russell Horsley Jebb, Assistant District Commissioner, Somaliland Protectorate; for services in connection with the supply of camels for the Egyptian Expeditionary Force
    Margaret Emmeline Johnston, President of the Working League, Gibraltar
    Lim Boon Keng, Unofficial Member of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements
    Harcourt Malcolm KC Speaker of the House of Assembly of the Bahamas Islands, and Chairman of the Bahamas' War Relief Committee
    James Gordon McDonald, Chairman of the Rhodesia Munitions Committee
    Sybil Helen Nicholson, for services on behalf of sailors and soldiers in the Straits Settlements
    Edward Hugh Dyneley Nicolls, Director of Public Works, Cyprus
    Joseph Armand Patron CMG for services to the Government of Gibraltar
    Emily, Lady Probyn, for services to War Charities in Barbados
    Cecily Radcliffe, for services to War Charities and to sick and wounded sailors and soldiers, Malta
    Beatrice Letitia May Radford, Secretary and Organiser of the East African Women's Field Force Fund
    Joseph Rippon, Manager of the Direct West India Cable Company, and Chairman of the Bermuda Contingents Committee
    Corinna, Marchesa Scicluna; for services in providing and equipping a Military Hospital in Malta
    Ernest Hamilton Sharp, Chairman of the Military Commission, Hong Kong
    Hubert Ashton Laselve Simpson, elected Member of the Legislative Council, and lately Mayor of Kingston
    Jamaica
    Stanley Salisbury Spurling, Member of the Executive Council and of the House of Assembly of the Bermudas
    Newton John Stabb, Chief Manager, Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation, Hong Kong
    Major Charles Augustus Swinbourne, Commandant of the Fiji Defence Force
    William Wilson, of Kingston, Jamaica; for services in recruiting and on behalf of sick and wounded soldiers

    Honorary Officer of the said Most Excellent Order

    The Right Reverend Philippe Perlo, for assistance in providing priests and nuns for the work in the Carrier Corps Hospitals, in connection with the East Africa Expeditionary Force.

Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE)[edit]
Military Division[edit]

    Captain John Herbert Ashton, Superintending Officer, Army Veterinary Corps
    Margaret Winifred Atkinson, Superintendent, Cookery Section, Women's Legion
    Captain Albert Raymond Auger, Quartermaster, Base Depot, Canadian Forestry Corps
    Captain William Edgar Aylwin, Royal Flying Corps
    Captain John Baker, Royal Army Service Corps; Confidential Clerk to Assistant Director of Transport, War Office
    Lieutenant-Colonel Harry Hyndman Balfour, Royal Army Medical Corps; South African Hospital, Richmond Park
    Captain Douglas Barnes, Commanding No. 2 Depot Battalion, Overseas Training Brigade, Australian Imperial Forces
    Lieutenant Harold Wilmot Barras, Royal Garrison Artillery; Assistant Inspector of Carriages, Ministry of Munitions
    Major Alexander Barron, Royal Army Service Corps
    Major David Ernest Bellaney, Remount Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Joseph Bentley, Assistant Director of Dental Services, Canadian Forces
    Captain John Augustus Blay, Quartermaster-General's Department, War Office
    Major Arthur Blennerhassett, Remount Service
    Captain Lester Browning Booty, Inspector Auditor, Messing Accounts, War Office
    Captain Ernest Bowles, South African Pay Office
    Captain Henry Cecil Boys, Formerly Assistant Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Technical), Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Frederick Henry Ewart Branson, Army Ordnance Department
    Captain Edwin Brown, Assistant Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Technical), Ministry of Munitions
    Helen Grace Rae Brown, Administrator, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Lieutenant Herbert Charles Stuart Bullock, Royal Flying Corps
    Major Charles Duncan Miles Campbell, Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel David Bishop Campbell, Forestry Technical Officer, Canadian Forestry Corps
    Major Francis Henry Chalkley, Ordnance Officer in Charge of Salvage Depot
    Captain Charles Joseph Charlton, Staff Captain, Canadian Headquarters
    Colonel Sir John Maurice Clark Bt VD Midlothian Territorial Force Association, Ministry of National Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel William James Clarke, Royal Field Artillery, Assistant Inspector of Carriages, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Thomas Coates, Superintending Officer (Quartermaster), General Headquarters, Home Forces
    Major William Coley, Royal Artillery, Quartermaster, Depot, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Major Henry Cooper, Commissary of Ordnance, Woolwich
    Sylvia Corner, Quartermaster, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Lieutenant Gordon George Crocker, Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    Major Roy Victor Cutler MC Commanding Australian Engineers Training Depot
    Captain R. J. Durley, in charge of Gauges and Drawings, Canada, Ministry of Munitions
    Hester Mary Edwards, Administrator, Woman's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Major William Farraday, Reserve Mechanical Transport Depot
    Captain Alexander Fenton, in charge of Technical Warehouse, Canadian Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alpin Ferguson, Deputy Assistant Director of Timber Operations, Canadian Forestry Corps
    May Finlay, Superintendent, Cookery Section, Women's Legion
    Captain Harold Fortescue Flannery, Late Proof Officer, Canada, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant-Colonel John James Fry, Deputy Director of Transport, Canadian Forces
    Lieutenant William Henry Gregory Geake, Assistant at Munitions Inventions Department, Experimental Ground
    Jane Margaret Francis Gibson, Superintendent, Cookery Section, Women's Legion
    Lieutenant Richard Jones, in charge of Materials, Mechanical Transport Depot, Kempton Park
    Lieutenant Herbert Alfred Joy, Royal Artillery, Estimating Officer, Coast Defence Armament
    Major Wybrants Judge, Quartermaster, Rifle Depot, Winchester
    Lieutenant John James Keene, Confidential Clerk, War Office
    Captain Frederick Keough, Quartermaster, No. 4 Reserve Brigade, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Robert John Lapham, Army Service Corps
    Major Herbert Laurie, Remount Service
    Captain James Lawrence, Royal Army Service Corps; Chief Clerk, Supplies Branch, War Office
    Major Clive Leese, Inspecting Officer to Mechanical Transport, Ministry of Munitions
    Major Edwin Philip Le Mesurier, Jersey Militia; Area Commander, White City, West London
    Captain John Walter Litchfield, Assistant Inspector, Army Ordnance Depot, Woolwich
    Major Owen Lobley, Canadian Army Pay Corps
    Captain Henry John Leicester Longden, Inspector of Army Schools
    Captain Arthur Henry Lowe, in charge of Army Ordnance Depot, Aintree
    Captain Dudley Owen Lumley, Wiltshire Regiment; Deputy Assistant Inspector of Recruiting, Southern Command
    Captain Thomas Lyons, Deputy Assistant Director of Aircraft Equipment, Air Board
    Captain William Charles McCutchan MC Adjutant, Australian Signal Training Depot
    Captain Alexander McDonald, Assistant Inspector of Guns, Ministry of Munitions
    Major the Reverend John Howard MacDonald DD Canadian Headquarters Staff
    Lieutenant William Henry George Maton, Royal Artillery, Ordnance Department, War Office
    Lieutenant Thomas Matthews, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry George Mayes, Director, Canadian Army Gymnastic Staff
    Lieutenant Frederick George Middleton, Royal Engineers, Inspector, Royal Engineer Machinery, War Office
    Lieutenant James Edward Moberly, Assistant Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 7 Area (Metropolitan)
    Captain William Morgan, Royal Engineers, Quartermaster, Northern Command
    Lieutenant John William Mort
    Lieutenant Frederick Montague Augustus Morris, Assistant to Staff Captain, War Office
    Lieutenant James Thomas Morton Clarke, Quartermaster-General's Department, War Office
    Major George Alexander Stokes Nairn, Supervising Military Representative of No. 4 District; Assistant Inspector of Recruiting, Western Command
    Major John Arnold Neale, Australian Imperial Force, in charge of Australian Records
    Lieutenant Thomas Neame, Works Manager, Messrs. Stewarts & Lloyds, Ltd., Birmingham
    Captain Richard Trevor Tudor Owen, Montgomeryshire Yeomanry; Assistant Inspector of Small Arms, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Percy Frank Parker, Royal Army Ordnance Corps; in charge of Clothing Department, Leicester
    Major Sidney Ernest Parker, Instructor, Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Robert Halstead Porters, Secretary, British Military Mission at Russian Headquarters
    Captain Frederick Charles Prime, Royal Artillery, Assistant Inspector of High Explosives, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Percy Thorndon Remington, Dental Officer, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Captain William Hoyles Rennie, Volunteer Musketry Instructor, for services in connection with the Royal Newfoundland Regiment
    Lieutenant William Rush, in charge of Stores, No. 2 Reserve Transport Depot, Blackheath
    Captain Percy Rust, London Regiment, Artists Rifles Officers Training Corps
    Major William John Ryan, Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Henry Sadler, Royal Army Service Corps; Riding Master, Buller Barracks, Aldershot
    Major Thomas Lewis Lindsay Sandes, South African Hospital, Richard Park
    Captain Walter Richard Shilstone, in charge of Canadian and American Inspection Section, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Sidney James Smith, Royal Army Service Corps; Chief Clerk, Aldershot Command
    Brevet Colonel Stanley George Drew Smith, Assistant Inspector of Carriages, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant Charles Henry Hughes Spivey, Acting Quartermaster and Superintending Clerk of Reserve Battalion, Scots Guards
    Lieutenant Leslie Norman Waldegrave Stone, Royal Garrison Artillery; Assistant Inspector of Carriages, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Arthur Fraser Sutton, Senior Dental Officer, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Walter Benjamin Thorpe, Royal Army Service Corps; Chief Superintending Clerk, Northern Command
    Captain Edwin George Thomas Tims, School of Instruction for N.C.O.s, Salisbury
    Major Walter Henry Tofft, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Major William Walker, Royal Army Ordnance Department
    Beatrice Gascoigne Ward, Deputy Commandant, Motor Section, Women's Legion
    Captain William George West, Gun Contracts, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant Percy Claydon Whitteridge, Royal Army Ordnance Corps
    Major Richard Charles Williamson, Recruiting Officer, Greenock Sub-Area
    Captain George Frederick William Willicot MC Staff Officer, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Cecil Herbert Stanley Willis, Artists Rifles Officers Training Corps
    Major Godfrey Harold Alfred Wilson, General Staff, War Office

For services in connection with the War in France, Egypt and Salonika —

    Lieutenant Andrew Buchan, Royal Engineers
    Gladys Mary Collins, Deputy Administrator, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Captain Francis Robertson Gladstone Duckworth, Secretary, Claims Commission, British Salonika Force
    Lieutenant George Ingle Finch, Royal Army Ordinance Corps; Base Ordnance Depot, Salonika
    Mary Sophia Frood, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps, Area Controller, Abbeville
    Lilias Ida Gill, Unit Administrator, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Gladys Alicia Jones, Assistant Administrator, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Margaret Kilroy Kenyon, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps, Area Controller, Calais
    Major William F. Lench, lately Officer in charge of Egyptian Expeditionary Force Canteens
    Alice Low, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps, Area Controller, Boulogne
    Frances Mary Parker, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps, Area Controller, Havre
    Edith Mary Pridden, Queen Mary's Army Auxiliary Corps, Area Controller, Étaples

Civil Division[edit]

    Ethel May Abram, Commandant, St. Luke's Auxiliary Hospital, Reading
    Margaret Acland Hood, Organiser of Recreation Clubs, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Maud Florence Addington, Superintendent, Lady Clerical Staff, Officers Casualty Branch, War Office
    William James Addiscott, Assistant Collector of Fishery Statistics at Plymouth
    Florence Bessie Affleck, Assistant Organiser and Administrator, High Wycombe Auxiliary Hospital
    Andrew Aikman, Secretary and Engineering Manager, South-Eastern Midlands Munitions Board of Management
    William Aitkenhead, Shop Manager, Messrs. G. & J. Weir, Ltd.
    Ernest Charles Aldridge, Travelling Inspector, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Samuel Kendrick Aldridge, Assistant, Director of Finance, Ministry of Food
    Stroma Alexander-Sinclair
    Charles Hugh Alison, Acting Paymaster, Army Pay Department
    George Macdonald Allan, Naval Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Ida Allan, Commandant, Hornbrook Auxiliary Hospital, Chislehurst
    Thomas Easton Allan, Messrs. Robey & Company, Ltd.
    Thomas Cuthbert Allchin, E.G. Powder Company, Ltd.
    William Barnes Alloock, Superintendent, Perivale National Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Alan Bruce Allen, Inspector of Furs and Skins, War Office
    Frank Allen, Chief Special Constable, Doncaster
    Alfred Amos JP Chairman of the Kent Farmers Club
    Captain Henry Leonard Herbert Andrews, Ministry of National Service
    Malcolm Percival Applebey, Acids Supply Branch of Explosives Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant Alfred Henry Arnold, Secretary to Mediterranean Commission, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Florence Evelyn Arnott, Commandant in Charge, St. Michael's Auxiliary Hospital, Brampton, Cumberland
    Olive Inana Arthur, Vice-Convenor and General Manager, Red Cross Comforts Depot, Ayr
    Lieutenant Robert William Ascroft, Head of Spraying Organisation, Food Production Department
    Harry Hales Ashbridge, Works Manager, Churchill Machine Tool Company Limited, Manchester
    Ernest Gilman Ashley, Commercial Steel Section, Iron and Steel Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Wilfred Adam Ashworth, Technical Assistant, Machine Tool Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Carleton Richard Bucky Atkinson, Assistant in Levant Consular Service
    Sydney Watson Attwell, Assistant, National Phvsical Laboratory
    Frances Victoria Aur, Secretary, Convalescent Homes for Officers Committee, British Red Cross Society
    Stanley Back, Royal Navy, Ordnance Store Depot, Portsmouth
    Eustace Vivian Bacon, Assistant, Secretariat, Ministry of Munitions
    Francis Baker, Great Western Railway
    Percy Montagu Baker, Technical Adviser, Training Section, Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Edgar Baker, Assistant, Establishment Department, Ministry of Munitions
    William Ernest Baker, Projectile Company, Ltd.
    Joseph Alfred William Ballard, Torpedo Store Department, Admiralty
    Victoria Vera Bannatyne, Secretary to the Devon and Cornwall War Refugees Committee
    Alexander Bannerman, Head of the Clerical Staff, War Trade Intelligence Department
    Frances Amy Barber, Officer in Charge, Red Cross Hub, 54 General Hospital, France
    Samuel Henry Barber, Chief Officer, Northampton Special Constabulary
    William Clarence Barber, Establishment Branch, Trench Warfare Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Barker, Chairman, Branston Rural Local Tribunal
    Major Alfred George Barrett, Royal Engineers, Staff Clerk, Contracts Branch, H.M. Office of Works
    Herbert Harry Baron, Non-technical Assistant, Machine Tool Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Kenneth Delmar Barrett, Outside Manager, Messrs. Hawthorn, Leslie & Company
    William James Barrett, Inspector of Woodwork, Woolwich Dockyard
    Lieutenant-Commander Thomas Barwell Barrington RNVR Design Section, Air Board, Technical Department
    Jonathan Barron, Fishery Officer of the Cornwall Local Sea Fisheries Committee
    Olive Bartels, Lady Clerk, War Office
    Harriet Barton, Commandant and Superintendent, Auxiliary Hospital, Budleigh Salterton
    William Bate, National Explosives Company
    Helen Maud Bax-Ironside, Munition Workers Welfare Committee (Y.W.C.A.) Organiser in Lancaster
    Fane Fleming Baxter, War Refugees Committee
    Bertha Marguerite Bayne, Chief Woman Inspector, Food Production Department
    John William Bearder PhD Headmaster, Northallerton Grammar School; Honorary Secretary of Yorkshire North Riding Local Representative Committee, and of Belgian Refugee Committee
    Edith Maude Beaver, Assistant Inspector, National Health Insurance Commission (England)
    Herbert Bowman Beddall, Food Production Sub-Commissioner for Cornwall
    Reginald Bedding ton, Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    James Stuart Beddoe, Department of Director of Dockyards and Repairs, Admiralty
    Richard William Bedford, Messrs. G. Ken Ltd.
    Evelyn Belcher, Quartermaster, Auxiliary Hospital, Chippenham, Wiltshire
    Violet Caroline Bell, Voluntary Aid Detachment, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Gwendolen Edith Bellasis, Higher Grade Woman Clerk in the War Trade Department
    Ernest Lampeer Bennett, Secretary in Charge, Yorkshire Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Lieutenant John Baldwin Beresford, Secretary of the Professional Classes Committee of the Government Committee for the Prevention and Relief of Distress
    Alice Eleanor Bernard, Contraband Department, Foreign Office
    Stanley Howard Bersey, Explosives Factory Finance, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    F. H. Bevan, Technical Services Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Lois Biddle, Contraband Department, Foreign Office
    William Henry Bignold, Collector of Customs and Excise, Leith
    Thomas Edson Birbeck, Senior Bond Officer, Manchester, Ministry Of Munitions
    Bertha Birch
    Tom Birkett, Food Production Sub-Commissioner for Cumberland and Westmorland
    Captain Percy Bishop, Assistant Engineer engaged on Design of Aeroplanes at Royal Aircraft Factory
    Mancra Winifred Black, Private Secretary to Acting Chief of British War Mission in U.S.A.
    Frances Charlotte Isabella Blackett, Honorary Secretary for Perthshire, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Malcolm Blair, Manager, Messrs. Head, Wrightson & Company
    Jack Percy Blake, Head of Priority Section, Explosives Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Blarney JP Bailie of Cowdenbeath
    Nesta Blennerhassett, Lord Dunraven's Hospital Ship Grainaig
    John William Arundel Bonner, Chairman of Southwell Rural Tribunal
    Harold Arthur Box, Second in Charge, Motor Ambulance Department, Headquarters Staff, British Red Cross Society
    Lota Boycott, Commandant, Bricket House Auxiliary Hospital, St. Albans
    Elizabeth Frances Boyd, Ministry of National Service
    Albert Edward Boyer MRCVS Conducting Officer, Horse Transport Duty
    William Embrey Bradbury, London and North Western Railway
    Henry Edward Manning Bradley, Staff Clerk, Supplies Division, H.M. Office of Works
    Lieutenant the Honourable Oliver Sylvian Brett, Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    Edith Marian Brightman, Commandant, Fairneld Auxiliary Hospital, Broadstairs
    Colonel Arthur Rudston Brown, Deputy Director of Recruiting, Birmingham Area
    Charles Frederick Brown, Military Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Fannie Florence Brown, Vice-President, Heaton Chapel Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    George Drake Brown
    Tomyns Reginald Browne VD Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Supervisory), Ministry of Munitions
    Bertha Marguerita Bruce, Inspection Welfare Superintendent, Ministry of Munitions, Birmingham
    Maye Bruce, Commandant, Norton Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Campden, Gloucestershire
    John Locktom Bryan, Superintendent of Registry, Food Production Department
    Herbert William Bryant, Secretary in Charge, North Midland Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Frederick Francis Smith Bryson, Sub-Section Director, Optical Munitions and Glass Department, Ministry of Munitions
    James Buckman, Chairman, Bermondsey Advisory Committee, Ministry of National Service
    Alfred Adolphus Bumpus JP Ex-Chairman of Loughborough Local Tribunal
    Richard Edward Bumstead JP Member of East Kent Appeal Tribunal
    Samuel Bunton JP Technical Officer to Shipyard Labour Department, Admiralty
    Lieutenant Albert Edmund Burden, Stores Manager, Alexandria and Canal Zone, British Red Cross and Order of St. John
    Arthur William Burgess, in charge of Aeronautical Supply Department Registry, Air Board
    Elspeth Burgess, Chief Quartermaster, Newbury Auxiliary Hospital, Victoria Park, Manchester
    John Laurence Burleigh, Chairman, Colchester Advisory Committee
    George Alfred Burling, Private Secretary to Assistant Secretary, Establishment Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Regiaulde de Maule Burn-Murdoch, Assistant County Director for City of Edinburgh, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Helen Jaqueline Burns, Scottish Organiser, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Hedley Gravett Burrough, Secretary in Charge, South Eastern Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Leopold Arthur Burrow, Chief Draughtsman to Chief Mechanical Engineer, War Office
    Kate Ellen Burrows, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 22, Arnott Hill Auxiliary Hospital, Day brook, Nottinghamshire
    John Burt JP Member of Appeal Tribunal, Dunfermline
    Ethel Cadogan Burton Ballantine, Lady Superintendent, Army Pay Department
    Isabel Burton-Mackenzie, Welfare Supervisor, Ministry of Munitions, National Projectile Factory, Cardonald, Glasgow
    John Edwin Bury, Assistant Director of Finance, Royal Commission on Wheat Supplies
    Clement Guy Caines, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    John Cairns JP Northumberland Miners Association; Member of Colliery Recruiting Court, Northumberland and North Durham
    Norman Restell Cameron, Acting Shipyard Manager, Messrs. Thornycroft and Company
    Clementina Henrietta Campbell, Trade Division, of the Naval Staff, Admiralty
    Major Colin Clyde Campbell, Australian Imperial Force
    Gilbert Campbell, Outside Manager, Wallsend Slipway and Engineering Company
    Harry Campbell, Transport Superintendent o the War Refugees Committee
    James Alexander West Campbell, Acting Accountant in the War Office
    Captain Thomas Epton Campey, Army Veterinary Stores Department
    Henry Candler, Acting Staff Clerk, War Office
    William Carnegie, Messrs. Cammell Laird & Company, Ltd.
    Thomas William Carroll, Constructive Department, H.M. Dockyard, Portsmouth
    Francis Tavor Carter, Secretary, London Central Association, Y.M.C.A.
    William Carter, Clerk to the Horwich Urban District Council
    Albert Wing Carver, Clerk to the Cannock Rural Local Tribunal
    Francis Richard Cassidi MD Officer in Charge, Transport of First Line Hospitals, Derbyshire
    The Honourable Alicia Margaret Cecil, Assistant Director of Horticultural Organisation, Food Production Department
    Thomas Chadwick, Minor Staff Clerk, Treasury
    Alfred Philip Chalkley, Chief Engineer, Motor Boat Service, Mesopotamia, British Red Cross Society
    Bromley Challenor, Clerk to the Guardians, Abingdon
    William Robert Challinor, Inspector, Wigan Special Constabulary
    Margaret Chalmers, Administrative Assistant, Materials and Accessories Branch, Air Board
    Harry Chambers, Chief Assistant, Seeds Section, Food Production Department
    Guy Mortimer Chantrey, Trench Warfare Finance, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Harry Cheesman, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Lewisham
    Mary Alden Childers, Secretary of the Chelsea War Refugees Committee
    Elizabeth Chinery, Commandant, Home Mead Auxiliary Hospital, Lymington
    Owen Aly Clark JP Chief Officer, Special Constabulary, Bury St. Edmunds
    Walter Leonard Clarke, Messrs. Benham & Sons, Ltd.
    Edith Clarke, Teacher of Domestic Subjects, National Training School of Cookery
    Thomas Henry Clarke, Mechanical Transport, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Henry James Clayton, Chief Drainage Inspector, Food Production Department
    Margaret Penelope Clegg, Commandant of Holden House Auxiliary Hospital, Boston, Lincolnshire
    Edith Emily Clowes, Honorary Secretary, County of Herefordshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Alfred William Ayers-Cluett, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Ernest Frederick Coast, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Robert Bennett Cobb, First Class Clerk, Ministry of Pensions
    Lady Gertrude Cochrane, President of the Fifeshire Branch, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Edward Cock, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Douglas Bennett Cockerell, Stores Accounting Officer, Ministry of Munitions
    Frank William Coffey, Secretary in Charge, Midland Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Edward George Cole JP Chairman of the Edmonton Military Hospital Committee
    Harold William Cole, Chief Clerk, Petrol Department, Board of Trade
    Captain Francis William Colledge, Honorary Secretary and Acting County Director, Renfrewshire, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Lionel Dennis Collins, Collector of Fishery Statistics in North Shields
    Beatrice Annie Collinson, Commandant in Charge, Auxiliary Hospital, Stramongate, Westmorland
    Walter William Coltman JP Chief Officer, Loughborough Special Constabulary
    Charles Leonard Compton, Senior Staff Clerk in the Registry-General of Shipping and Seamen
    Geraldine Emily Coningham, Oakhurst Auxiliary Hospital, Erith
    Jessie Murdoch Connell, Commandant of Myrtle Auxiliary Hospital, Myrtle Street, Liverpool
    James Conner, Messrs. Dick Kerr, Ltd.
    Fred Compigne Cook, Chief Aliens Officer, Port of London
    Richard Frederic Cook, Section Director, Railway Materials Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Cuthbert Cresswell Cooke, Projectile Contracts, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Henry James Cooksey, Class A Clerk, War Office
    Arthur Henry Coombe, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    William Walter Coombs, Staff Clerk, Companies Department, Board of Trade
    Bertram George Cooper, Head of Sub-section of Air Board Technical Department
    Lieutenant H. M. Cooper, Assistant Inspector of Munitions, Canada
    James Cooper, Class A Clerk, War Office
    John Cooper, President of the North Staffordshire Miners Association; Assessor to the Colliery Recruiting Court
    Clarence George Copus, Head of the Oiler Section, Ministry of Shipping
    Major Edward Richard Trevor Corbett, District Recruiting Officer, No. 4 District
    Hilda Eliza Agar Cordeaux, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Louth, Lincolnshire
    John Corrigan, Member of Appeal Tribunal, Ayr
    Howard Denys Russell Cowan, British Vice-Consul, Havana
    William Cowan, Works Manager, Messrs. Palmer's Jarrow Shipyard
    Randolph Lewis Coward, First Class Assistant Accountant in the War Office
    Juliet Sisley Craig, Commandant of the Hillingdon Auxiliary Hospital, Hayes End, Middlesex
    James Crawley, Stores Department, Headquarters Staff, British Red Cross Society
    Edward Patrick Creegan, Superintendent of the Drawing Department of the Ordnance Survey of the United Kingdom
    Gerald Faulkner Cripps, Secretary of the Committee for Providing Hostels for Disabled Men under Training
    Helena Jane Crisp, Voluntary Aid Detachment Department, British Red Cross Society
    Herbert Lawson Critchley, Sub-Section Director in Charge, Efficiency Section, Gun Ammunition Manufacture, Ministry of Munitions
    William Gordon Crockett, Junior Clerk, Stores Department, India Office
    George Scott Cromar, Sr., Outside Manager of Messrs. D. & W. Henderson & Company
    Winifred Eyre Crompton-Roberts, Honorary Secretary, Auxiliary Hospital, Monmouth
    Ann Ellen Cropper, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Portskewitt, Monmouthshire
    Ernest Cross, Staff Officer, Rotherham Special Constabulary
    Robert Cross, Station Master, Midland Railway, Tilbury
    William Cuickshank, Assistant Inspector of Carriages, Ministry of Munitions
    Janet Baron Cumming, Organising Secretary in Scotland, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Margaret Georgiana Cuninghame, Honorary Secretary and Superintendent of Ayrshire Surgical Work Depot
    Marghuerita Copeland Currie, Canteen Inspector, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    George Charles Cusens, Torpedo Store Department, Admiralty
    John Cuthberfeson, Ernest Edward Cutler, Messrs. Cutler & Sons
    James Daglish, Outside Manager of North-Eastern Marine Engineering Company, Ltd.
    Ellen Frances Darlow, Commandant of Auxiliary Hospital, Presbyterian Hall, Northwood, Middlesex
    William Elliot Darrach, Technical Services Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Grace Emilie Davey, in charge of Women Staff, Labour Department, Ministry of Munitions
    George Frederick Davidson, Personal Assistant to Council Member G, Ministry of Munitions
    Sophia Katherine Davies, Welfare Supervisor, Ministry of Munitions, National Projectile Factory, Templeboro
    Alfred Thomas Davies, Assistant, Priority Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Vernon Davies MB Assistant County Director Representing; the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, East Lancashire
    Gwilym Meirion Davies, Secretary, Ministry of Munitions District Office, No. 2 Area (North-West England)
    Hugh Christopher Davies, Secretary, Norfolk War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Walter Davies, Secretary to the Local Representative Committee for Baling
    Thomas Daw, Assistant Director of Recruiting, Central London Area[12]
    Horace Christian Dawkins, Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    George William Dawson, Private Secretary to Acting Member of Council A, Ministry of Munitions
    Beatrice Mary Dawson-Thomas, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Old Baux Buildings, Minehead
    George Day, Naval Store Department, Admiralty
    Edgar Reginald Deacon, Research Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    Frederic William Charles Dean, Manager, Gun and Carriage Factories, Woolwich Arsenal
    Seth Ellis Dean, Chairman, Sleaford Rural Tribunal
    Phyllis Lucy Deane, Commandant, Sandy Auxiliary Hospital; Bedford
    Albert Deighton, Chief Engineer and Works Manager, Messrs. Steel, Peech, and Tozer, Ltd.[12]
    Adam Fairrie Denniston, Supervisor for the Eastern District of Scotland Red Cross Depot
    Hubert Augutus Dent, In charge of Issue of Drafts, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Lady Lilian Mary Harriet Diana Digby, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 94; Donor, Holnest Auxiliary Hospital, Sherborne
    Charles William Dixon, Second Class Clerk, Colonial Office; Private Secretary to the Permanent Undersecretary of State
    Annie Emilia Scott Elliott Doig, Lady Superintendent, All Welcome Y.M.C.A. Hut, Victoria
    William Donald, Assistant Manager for Submarines, Messrs. Vickers, Ltd.
    William John Dorrell, Assistant to Head of Shipping Intelligence Section, Ministry of Shipping
    Aileen Margaret Dougherty, Foreign Claims Office
    Allie Vibert Douglas, Statistical Department, Ministry of National Service
    Percy Bissett Down, Assistant Inspector of Guns, Ministry of Munitions
    John Drake, Assistant Superintendent of Registry, Treasury
    Sidney William Drinkwater, Second Division Clerk, Home Office
    Edith Marion Drummond Smith, Organiser of Munition Workers Hute, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Duncan Drysdale, Finance Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Bernard Phineas Dudding, Assistant, National Physical Laboratory
    Reginald Franklin Hare Duke, General Secretary to the Commission Internationale de Ravitaillement, Board of Trade
    Frank Hay Dunbar, Head of the Registry of the Restriction of Enemy Supplies Department
    James Dunley, Member of Appeal Tribunal, Alloa
    Frederick George Dunlop, Outside Manager of Messrs. Harland & Wolff's Belfast Works
    William Louis Martial Dunlop, Staff Clerk, Foreign Office
    Mabel Alethea Dupe, Lady Superintendent, Y.M.C.A. Shakespeare Hut, Gower Street
    Frederick Harold Dupre FCS Official Chemical Adviser on Explosives to the Home Office and Ministry of Munitions
    William Duran JP Honorary Sheriff Substitute of Caithness, Orkney, and Shetland; Member of Appeal Tribunal, Caithness
    Beatrice Aimee Dutton, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Windlesham Moor, Windlesham, Surrey
    Harold George Eadie, Secretary, Ministry of Munitions District Office, No. 4 Area (Midlands)
    Edward Herbert Eagar, Senior Examiner, Pay Office
    Herbert Eborall, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    Stuart Strickland Moore Ede, Sub-section Director, Raw Materials Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    John Francis Edmonds, Superintendent, London Telephone Service
    Edith Constance Edwards, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 272, County of London; Organiser of Flag Day Collections in Marylebone
    Edward Tregaskiss Elbourne, Shop Superintendent, Ponders End Shell Works, Ponders End, Middlesex
    Archibald Sefton Elford, Ministry of Shipping
    Mabel Beatrice Elliott, Assistant Censor, War Office
    William Elliott, Outside Shipyard Manager of Messrs. J. L. Thompson & Sons
    Amy Amelia Ellis, Commandant, St. Aidan's Auxiliary Hospital, Cleethorpes
    Frank Ellison, Messrs. Hadfields, Ltd.
    Horace Milton Emery, Technical Adviser, Mechanical Cultivation Division, Food Production Department
    George Ernest Emmett, Acting Paymaster, Army Pay Department
    Frederick George Eshelby, Head of Military Traffic Department, North-Eastern Railway
    George Gall Esslemont, Executive Officoer for Food Production, County of Aberdeen; Organiser of Egg Collection in the North Eastern District, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Harriet Estill, Lady Superintendent and Honorary Secretary, Highfield Auxiliary Hospital, Malton, Yorkshire
    Christopher Douglas Evans, Superintendent, Remount Depot, Ballsbridge
    Edward Percy Everest, Clerk to the Atcham Rural District Council
    James Alfred Fage, Department of Director of Dockyards and Repairs
    Robert Faikney, Departmental Manager of the Dock Department, Fanfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company
    Marie-Antoinette Fairholme, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Hathersage, Derbyshire
    James Falconer
    Samuel Maddams Fane, Staff Clerk, Supplies Division, H.M. Office of Works
    Edwin Wood Thorp Farley JP Mayor of Dover; Chairman of the Dover Local Tribunal
    Alexander Farquharson, Assistant in Local Authorities Division, Ministry of Food
    Captain William Scott Farren, in charge of Aero-Dynamics at Royal Aircraft Factory
    Edith M. Feast, Honorary Secretary to Kobe British Ladies Patriotic League
    Katherine Fedden, Chairman, Belgravia War Hospital Supply Depot
    Alfred Ernest Fellowes, Forwarding Agent, Ministry of Munitions, Liverpool
    Charles Ernest Fenton, Staff Officer, Post Office Stores Department
    Harriet Frances Fenwick, Lady Superintendent, Army Pay Department
    Florence Fetherstonhaugh, Vice-President and Organiser, Hazelwood Auxiliary Hospital, Ryde, Isle of Wight
    Elizabeth Susan Findlay, Superintendent of Women Munition Workers Canteen, Crayford
    Georgina Julia Findlay-Hamilton
    David John Finlayson, Chief Accountant, Headquarters Staff, British Red Cross Society
    Benjamin Kingston Finnimore, Assistant County Director, Dorsetshire, and Honorary Secretary for Sherborne Division, British Red Cross Society
    Clare Jane Firth, Matron, Withington Military Hospital
    Honoria Mary Fisher, Commandant, Waltham Town Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Waltham Abbey
    Henry FitzMaurice, First Class Assistant in Siam Consular Service
    Basil Fletcher, Acting Professional Clerk, Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions
    Watson Foggo, Manager, Cartridge Filling Factory, Aintree, Ministry of Munitions
    Robert Charles Follett, Adjutant, Hull Special Constabulary
    Mary Constance Forbes, Honorary Secretary of Red Cross Work Parties in the City of Edinburgh
    John Ford, Works Manager, Parsons Marine Steam Turbine Company
    William Robinson Lidderdale Forrest, Senior Bond Officer, Birmingham, Ministry of Munitions
    Andrew Forster, Works Manager, Engine Side, Messrs. J. S. White & Company
    John Forster JP Ex-Mayor of St. Helens; Chairman of St. Helens Local Tribunal
    Frederick Walter Fossey, Senior Bond Officer, Newcastle, Ministry of Munitions
    Henry Knollys Foster, Secretary and Executive Officer, Herefordshire War Agricultural Executive Committee
    William Melville Foster, in charge, Censored Cables, Ministry of Munitions
    Edward Turner Fowell, Explosives Contracts Finance, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Helene Fowle, President of the Committee for Dealing with the Interests of Belgians in Ireland
    Eveline Georgina Fowler, Founder and Manager of the Gunton Cottage Hospital for Naval Cases, Lowestoft
    John Jacob Fox DSc FIC First Class Analyst, Government Laboratory
    Evelyn Margaret Fraser
    Thomas Houston Fraser, Contractors Claims for Increased Prices, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Edward James Frewen, Section Director, Railway Materials Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Elizabeth Rowley Frisby, Y.M.C.A. Worker
    William Percy Froud, Superintendent to the Joint Railway Lines, Portsmouth
    Dorothy Margaret Fry, Private Secretary to Director-General of Munitions Supply, Ministry of Munitions
    Walter Everard Fuller, Superintendent, Contraband Department Registry
    Mary Edith Galilee, Superintendent of Women Munition, Workers Canteen, Hayes
    Christian McDowall Gall, Private Secretary to Additional Member of Council R., Ministry of Munitions
    John Dunn Gamble, British and Foreign Sailors Society, Derry
    Henry John Edward Garcia, Inspector of Taxes, Inland Revenue
    Albert Gard, Clerk to the Guardians, Devonport; Secretary to the Plymouth Prince of Wales Fund Committee
    Nora Hilton Gardner, Quartermaster, Hoole Bank Auxiliary Hospital, Cheshire
    Caroline Sugden Garnett, Commandant, Fairhope Auxiliary Hospital, Pendleton, Manchester
    Helen Maude Dorothy Garnett, Organiser of Women Munition Workers, Canteens and Clubs, Y.W.C.A.
    Constance Elizabeth Garside, Superintendent of Women Munition Workers Canteen and Social Work, Dursley
    Reginald Genower, Assistant in Statistical Branch, Ministry of Food
    William Geoghegan, County Director, City of Dublin, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Allan Gibb, Rifle and Machine Gun Contracts, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Herbert Mends Gibson, Chairman of Transport Committee, East Lancashire, British Red Cross Society
    William Howieson Gibson, Research Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    William Charles Ernest Gibson, Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Thomas Arthur Walter Giffard, Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    George Julian Gilbert, Staff Clerk, Civil Liabilities Committee
    Violet Adeline Gilbert, Personal Clerk to the President of the Board of Agriculture
    Robert Giles, Assistant Yard Manager, Messrs. Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd.
    James Searle Gillingham, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Maud Glennie, Late Private Secretary to Assistant Financial Secretary, Ministry of Munitions
    Patrick Gordon Glennie, Ministry of Shipping
    James William Sleigh Godding JP Chairman, Plymouth Advisory Committee
    Albert Hamilton Godfrey, Chairman, Woking Local Tribunal
    Fanny Augusta Going, Lady Superintendent, Auxiliary Hospital, Littlehampton
    Edward Goldsmith, Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Alfred Gollin, Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Herbert Gooch, Confidential Clerk to Quartermaster General, War Office
    Stanley Vernon Goodall, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Alwyn Valerie Goodchild, Voluntary Aid Detachment, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Joshua Goodland, Assistant, Classification Section, Priority Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Walter Goodwin, Assistant (Hospitals) Architect, War Office
    Helen Goodyear, Administrative Assistant, Contracts Branch, Air Board
    Percy Goodyear, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    George Gordon, Expense Accounts Department, H.M. Dockyard, Devonport
    Robert Gordon, Mobilization Division, Admiralty Naval Staff
    Lily Gordon-Steward, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 26, St. John's Hospital, Weymouth
    Captain Gorman Gorman
    Sandford George Gorton, Assistant Cable Engineer, General Post Office
    John Henry Gorvin, Assistant Secretary, Royal Commission on Wheat Supplies
    John Benjamin Gotts, Superintendent of Manchester Branch, H.M. Stationery Office
    Claude William Shepard Gould, Assistant Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Barnstaple
    Robert Vaughan Gower, Mayor of Tunbridge Wells
    Christopher Colborne Graham, Mayor of Scarborough; Chairman of Local Tribunal
    Lieutenant Cuthbert Graham, Royal Engineers, Trench Warfare Research Department, Ministry of Munitions
    David Morgan Graham JP
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Grant, American Remount Commission
    Reginald Coupland Graves, Clerk to the Tottenham Urban District Council; Clerk to the Local Tribunal and Local Representative Committee
    Charles Harold Gray, Acting Paymaster, Army Pay Department
    William Gray, British Vice-Consul at Oruro, Bolivia
    Constance Mary Greaves, Donor and Matron, Wern Auxiliary Hospital, Portmadoc
    Alexander John Green, Secretary-in-Charge, London Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Hettie Mary Green, Honorary Secretary, General Service Section, and Organiser, Nottinghamshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Edith Mary Greenfield, Superintendent of Women Munition Workers Club, Newcastle
    Captain Cecil Anstey Greet, Instructor in Catering, War Office
    Alvero Church Gregson, In Charge of Checking Department, American Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Robert Holmes Arbuthnot Gresson, Adjutant, Remount Service
    Charles William Grey, Surveyor (temporary), War Office
    James Dyce Grieve, Staff Clerk, Board of Agriculture for Scotland
    The Reverend Ellis Hughes Griffith, Chairman of Aethewy (Anglesey) Local Tribunal
    Helen Maud Griffiths
    James Thomas Grimbly, Senior Clerk, Recruiting Department, Ministry of National Service
    Henry Grimsdall, Transport Officer, Middlesex, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Ellen Maud Grimsley, Secretary to the County Director, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem, Leicestershire
    John Gritton, Staff Clerk, Foreign Office
    Susannah Groom, Commandant of Allan House Auxiliary Hospital, Boston, Lincolnshire
    Professor Percy Groom DSc Head of Section of Technical Department of Air Board
    Major John James Grubb, Quartermaster General's Department, War Office
    Allan Wilson Grundy, Naval Store Department, H.M. Dockyard, Portsmouth
    Charles John Tench Bedford Grylls, Committee Clerk, Customs and Excise
    Matilda Ida Gubbins, Organiser and Commandant, High Wycombe Auxiliary Hospital
    Captain Philip Edward Gummer, Royal Engineers, Staff Officer, Royal Engineers, Irish Command
    Olive Francis Guthrie-Smith, Head Masseuse, Almeric Paget Military Massage Corps
    Frederick Weston Hadden, Private Secretary to the Financial Secretary of the Admiralty
    William Hadnutt, Instructional Manager, Training Section; Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Bernard Parker Haigh DSc Instructor in Applied Mechanics, Royal Naval College, Greenwich
    Harry Francis Hall, Technical Assistant, First Class, H.M. Office of Works
    John Hall JP
    John William Halloran, Town Clerk, Chatham; Clerk to the Chatham Local Tribunal
    Emily Moore Hamilton, Controller of Welfare and Chief Superintendent of Girl Messengers, War Office
    William Cecil Hammond, Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    George Hankinson, Clerk to the Guardians, Bridlington; Clerk to the Local Representative Committee
    Major Arthur Leonard Hanna, Inspecting Officer-to Mechanical Transport, Ministry of Munitions1
    Clarence Oldham Hanson, Assistant Deputy Surveyor, Forest of Dean
    Second Lieutenant Peter Kydd Hanton, Royal Engineers, Assistant Architect, 2nd Class, H.M. Office of Works
    James Hardman, Assistant Architect, War Office
    Frank Philip Hardy, Travelling Inspector, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Major George Samuel Harries, Chairman, Swansea Advisory Committee
    Ethel Harris, Superintendent of Women Munition Workers Clubs, Erith and Carlisle
    Captain Samuel Wallace Harris, Quartermaster, Headquarters, Irish Command
    William Thomas Hooper Harris, Chief Examiner, War Office
    George Hart-Cox, Munitions Stores Officer, Woolwich Arsenal
    Major Edward John Morewood Harvey, Assistant Inspector of Small Arms, Ministry of Munitions
    Commander Edwin William Harvey, Royal Naval Reserve, Dock Master, Southampton, London and South-Western Railway
    Captain Nicholas Charles Harvey, Quartermaster, Headquarters, Northern Command
    William Harvey, Chief Inspector, Stockport Special Constabulary
    Charles Frederick Harvie, Supervising Clerk, War Office
    James Henry Harwood, Travelling Inspector, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Haskins, Works Manager, Messrs. Hoffman Manufacturing Company Limited, Chelmsford
    Captain Thomas Wilfred Haslam, Deputy Assistant Director of Railway Transport, Australian Imperial Force
    Peter Hastie, Shipyard Manager, Messrs. J. S. White & Company
    Robert Haswell, Secretary, Messrs. W. Doxford & Sons
    Albert Victor Hawkins, Chief Inspector, Metropolitan Police
    Thomas Shirley Hawkins, Director of Works Department, Admiralty
    Henrietta Louisa Hay, Organiser of Canteens in London Area, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    Arthur W. Hayes, Secretary-in-Charge, East Kent Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Fredric James Hayes, Honorary Secretary-in-Charge, Lancashire Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Robert Hollbwell Headley, Staff Clerk, Military Department, India Office
    Arthur William Heasman Assistant Architect, 2nd Class, H.M. Office of Works
    Major Herbert Charles Selwyn Heath, Deputy Assistant Inspector of Recruiting, Northern Command
    Florence Agnes Hebb, Chief Superintendent of Typists in Aeronautical Supply Department, Air Board
    Alice Craig Henderson, Lady Superintendent, Knighton Auxiliary Hospital, Evington, Leicester
    George Blake Henderson, Works Manager on the Engineering Side, Messrs. Thornycroft & Company
    Jane Selina Henry
    John Henry, Private Secretary to the Secretary of the War Trade Department
    Agnes Mary Herbert, Voluntary Aid Detachment, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    John Tordiffe Hewetson, Late Deputy Cashier in Charge, Royal Navy Torpedo Factory, Greenock
    James Baylis Heynes, British Vice-Consul at Messina
    Henry George Hibberd, Ordnance Store Department, Admiralty
    Frank Sidney Higman, Y.M.C.A. Secretary for Wales
    Elizabeth Annie Higson
    Arthur James Hill, Assistant, Establishment Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Henry Hincks, Ministry of National Service
    William Edwin Hincks JP Chairman of Leicester War Pensions Committee and Representative of the Ministry of Pensions, East Midlands
    Arthur Sidney Hines, Assistant, Staff Records and Premises, Labour Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Violet Verve Hobart, Donor and Administrator, West Cliff Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Hythe
    William Stanley Hocking, Actuarial Clerk, War Trade Statistical Department
    Arthur Hogan, Chief Examiner, Exchequer and Audit Department
    Major George Justice Hogben, Auditor, Australian Imperial Force[12]
    Lieutenant George Vincent Hoile, Royal Artillery, Ordnance Department, War Office
    Frank Holgate-Smith, Divisional Commandant, Kent Voluntary Aid Detachment, Superintendent of the St. John Ambulance Brigade, Canterbury
    Edith Clara Holland, Commandant, Cheadle House Auxiliary Hospital, Cheadle
    Frank Herbert Holloway, Assistant Superintending Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 2 Area (North-West England)
    Annie Gertrude Holmes, Organiser of Naval Hospital, Hull
    Charles Stuart Hooper, Cashier the Finance Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Charles Nugent Hope-Wallace, Ministry of Shipping
    Harry Sinclair Hopkins, Senior Bond Officer, St. Helens, Ministry of Munitions
    Sydney Hopping, Acting Chief Examiner, Exchequer and Audit Department
    Walter Hopps, Commercial Steel Section, Iron and Steel Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Florence Julia Horden, Commandant, Bryn Glas Auxiliary Hospital, Newport, Monmouthshire
    Andrew Coutts Home JP Shipping Agent, Queenstown
    Lieutenant Henry Spence Home, in charge, Registry, Whitehall Place, Ministry of Munitions
    John Laurence Hornibrook, Workman's Compensation Claims Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    E. F. Houghton, in charge of Drawing Office, American Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Major Alexander McLean Houston, Assistant to Officer in Charge of Canadian Records
    Arthur Henry Howard, Assistant, Legal Section, Priority Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Carter William Howard, Deputy Superintendent of Printing, H.M. Stationery Office
    Holly Howard, Honorary Secretary, Special and General Service Department, East Lancashire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Major Alfred Harry Huddart, Inspecting Officer to Mechanical Transport, Ministry of Munitions
    Llewelyn Hugh-Jones, Honorary Representative of the Ministry of Pensions, North Wales
    Edward Hughes JP Ex-Mayor of Wrexham; Member of Wrexham Local Tribunal and of East Denbighshire Appeal Tribunal
    Helen Cornelia Huleatt, Officer in Charge, Hoole Bank and Hoole House Auxiliary Hospitals, Cheshire; Secretary, Chester City Division, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Edith Louisa Sophia Humphreys, Secretary to Surveyor-General of Supplies, War Office
    Harold Goundrill Humphreys, Sub-Section Director, Inland Transport, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Henry Hunt, Clerk in Charge of Accounts, Treasury Solicitor's Department
    Joseph Henry Hunt, Superintendent, Supply Reserve Depot, Cattle Market, Deptford
    William Wright Hunt JP Chairman, Woodbridge Local Tribunal
    Captain John Leslie Hunter, Head of Horse Supply Section, Food Production Department
    Marion Janet Hunter, Honorary Secretary to the Voluntary Aid Detachment Central Selection Board for Scotland
    Thomas Briggs Hunter, Civil Engineer, H.M. Dockyard, Rosyth
    Wilfred Leavold Hutchinson, Inspector, Small Arms Ammunition Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Lieutenant Alfred Hutt, Sub-Section Director, Raw Materials Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    John Hutt, Ordnance Store Department, Woolwich
    William Ross Hutton, Shipyard Manager, Messrs. R. & W. Hawthorn, Leslie & Company, Ltd.
    Arthur Frederick Ilsley, Assistant Secretary of the Iron and Steel Committee and Secretary of the Engineering Committee
    Frank Impey, Superintendence and Co-ordination of Brass Rod for Ministry of Munitions in Birmingham
    Kate Inglis, Assistant Superintendent and Secretary, Princess Louise Convalescent Home for Nursing Sisters, France
    Blanche Ireland, Deputy Unit Administrator, Woman's Army Auxiliary Corps
    Lieutenant William Henry Martin Ives, Offices of the War Cabinet
    James Robertson Jack, Works Manager, Messrs. Denny Bros
    Alice Mabel Erskine Jackson
    Arthur Jackson, Trench Warfare Contracts, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Captain Hugh Willan Jackson, Commandant, Wellingborough Special Constabulary
    Joseph Clough Jackson, Honorary Secretary of the Belgian Refugees Committee, Leeds
    James Picton James, Private Secretary to Controller, Raw Materials Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Gwynfab James, Director of Elementary Education for the County of Monmouthshire
    William Arthur James, in charge, Compilation of Technical Costs, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Alexander Jamieson, Provost of Darvel; Member of Appeal Tribunal
    Charles Fleming Jamieson, Works Manager of Royal Albert Dock Branch of Messrs. R. & H. Green & Silley Weir Ltd.
    Lieutenant T. S. W. Jarvis, Interpreter to British Military Section in Russia, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Nicholas Theodore Jeffreys, Chief Clerk, Brighton Special Constabulary
    Lieutenant-Commander Charles Frewen Jenkin RNVR Air Board Technical Department
    Albert David Jenkins, Town Clerk of Guildford; Clerk to Guildford Local Tribunal, Belgian Refugee Committee, and Local Representative Committee
    Garnett Longsdon Jerrard, Archivist to His Britannic Majesty's Legation in Switzerland
    Frank Ashton Jewell JP Mayor of Barnstaple; Chairman of Barnstaple Local Tribunal
    Captain Herbert Cecil Joel, in charge of Army Ordnance Depot, Gloucester Docks
    Frederick William Johnson, Manager, Southwark Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Samuel Johnson, Principal Clerk, Stamps and Stores, Inland Revenue
    William Johnson MP Warwickshire Miners Association, Member of Colliery Recruiting Court, Warwickshire
    John Jolly, Victualling Department, Admiralty
    Edmund Vaughan Jones, Principal Assistant to Shipyard Manager, Messrs. Cammell Laird and Company, Ltd.
    George Jones, Special Constable attached to Chief Constable's Office, Portsmouth
    Harold Spencer Jones, Assistant Inspector of Optical Stores, Ministry of Munitions
    James Stuart Jones Inspector of Telegraph and Telephone Traffic, General Post Office
    Walter Owen Jones, Clerk to the Anglesey County Council; Clerk to Appeal Tribunal; Secretary, Anglesey War Agricultural Executive Committee
    Captain Cerdric Batson Joyner, Protected Badges and Occupations, Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Ernest William Justice, Military Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Sydney Entwisle Kay, British Vice-Consul, Stockholm
    Arthur Richard Kearney, Chief Technical Adviser, Technical Organisation of Instructional Factories, Ministry of Munitions
    Margaret Alice Keary, Assistant Quartermaster, Auxiliary Hospital, Torquay
    Annie Margaret Keeble Smith, Welfare Superintendent, The Aston Construction Company, Ltd., London
    Frank Arthur Kelly, Senior Clerk, Metropolitan Asylums Board
    James Kelly, in charge, Price List of Munitions, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Robert Kelly, General Outside Manager, Engine Department, Messrs. Alexander Stephen & Sons
    John Howard Kemp Welch, Messrs. Peter Brotherhood Limited
    William James Kenny, Civilian Clerk, Army Ordnance Department
    Helen Bethea Ker, Vice-President, Dumbartonshire Branch; of the Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Gladys Louise Kidd, Clerk in Charge of Copying Room, Treasury
    Arthur Frederic Kidson, Town Clerk, Folkestone; Clerk to the Folkestone Local Tribunal
    Flight Lieutenant Leon Joseph Killmayer, Royal Navy, Production Officer, Seaplanes Branch, Air Board
    Norah King, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 26, Willingham Auxiliary Hospital, Cambridgeshire
    Henry Smails King, Acting Accountant in the War Office
    Mabel Cecil Kirk, Superintendent of Station Hut for Women Munition Workers, Coventry
    Richard Cameron Kirkwood, The Yorkshire Boiler Company Ltd.
    Wilfrid Robert Klitz, Agent for Furs and Skins, War Office
    Frank Knight, Second Class Clerk, Prison Commission
    George Knight, Photographer, The Central News Agency
    George Stodart Knocker, Assistant Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 4 Area (Midlands)
    Edwin Lack, Assistant Staff Engineer, General Post Office
    Andrew Lamb, Great Northern Railway (Declined honour.)[12]
    Brydon Lamb, Military Service (Civil Liabilities) Committee
    Dorothy Lamb, Ministry of National Service
    Helena Jane Landells, First Class Clerk, General Post Office, attached to War Office
    Harry Joseph Lane, Director, Messrs. J. J. Lane, Limited, London
    George Langlands, Outdoor Manager, Dock Department, Engine Side, Messrs. Beardmore & Company
    Alfred Tabods Larter, Aeronautics Contracts, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Ernest Lingwood Lawes, Senior Officer, Southend-on-Sea Special Constabulary
    Aubrey Trevor Lawrence, Secretary to the Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Ernest Laws, Clerk, Local Government Board
    Maud Matilda Layton, Head Masseuse, Almeric Paget Military Massage Corps
    William Leek, Inspector of Metalliferous Mines
    Arthur Leggett, Works Manager, Messrs. E. R. and F. Turner, Ipswich
    Lieutenant George Legh-Jones, Naval Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Louis Levi, Manager of Trench Warfare Department Watford Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Janet Marion Terry Lewis, Lady Superintendent, Ministry of Labour
    Jessie Liddiard, Superintendent of Women Clerks, Ministry of Pensions
    Edgar William Light, Treaty Department, Foreign Office
    Henry Lightbody JP Honorary Secretary, Y.M.C.A. in Scotland
    Charles Swift Lillicrap, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Frederic Caesar Linfield JP Assistant, Munitions Inventions Department
    Agnes Evelyn Linnell, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Sheringham, Norfolk
    William Little, London, Brighton and South Coast Railway
    Geraldine Livesey, Inspection Assistant Welfare Superintendent, Woolwich Arsenal
    Frederick Allen Llewellyn, Assistant Architect, 2nd Class, H.M. Office of Works
    William Ewart Llewellyn, Superintendent of Chart Issues, Hydrographic Department, Admiralty
    Daniel Charles Lloyd, Messrs. F. H. Lloyd & Company, Ltd.
    Alice Lloyd Jones, Commandant, Cecil Road Auxiliary Hospital, Hale
    Thomas Lockwood-Bunce, Technical Inspecting Engineer, Machine Tool Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Edith Annie Lomax, Controller, Women Staff, Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    Arthur Thompson Longbotham, Clerk to the Guardians, Halifax
    Arthur Frederick Longdon, Chairman, Derby Local Tribunal
    Charles Lupton Lord, Collector of Customs and Excise, Hull
    Frederic Reynolds Lovett, Labour Enlistment Complaint Section, Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Catherine Howard Lowe, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, New Mills, Derbyshire
    Dorothy Ann Shelmerdine Lowe, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Hinton St. George, Crewkerne, Somerset
    Robert Luck, Assistant Commandant, Islington Internment Camp
    Horace Sampson Lyne, Superintendent, Newport (Mon.) Special Constabulary
    Eva Flora Caroline Macdonald
    Florence Macdonald, Superintendent of Women Munition Workers Club, Lancaster
    John Angus Macdonald JP Chairman, Ilkeston Local Tribunal; Member of Ilkeston Local Representative Committee and of Executive Committee of Derbyshire Representative Committee
    Walter Mace Macfarlane, of Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd.
    Archibald Bow Macgregor, Shipyard Manager to Ailsa Shipbuilding Company
    John MacGregor, District Superintendent, Caledonian Railway, Aberdeen
    Eric Machtig, Second Class Clerk, Colonial Office
    John Andrew Macintyre, Assistant Engineer, H.M. Office of Works
    Colin MacKay, Station Master, Highland Railway, Inverness
    John George Mackay, Member of Appeal Tribunal, Isle of Skye
    George Frank Mackrow, Inside Manager, Warship Work, Messrs. R. & W. Hawthorn, Leslie & Company
    William Archibald MacLellan, Shop Superintendent, Austin Motor Company, Ltd., Birmingham
    John MacQueen, Works Manager on Machinery Side, Messrs. Denny Brothers
    Margaret Marsden Macqueen, Assistant Director, Women's Branch, Food Production Department
    Frank Macers, Chief Assistant, Design and Construction of Explosives Factories, Ministry of Munitions
    Melville Pownall Main, In charge of French Section, Allied Branch, Requirements and Statistics Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Adam Maitland DL JP Chairman of City of Aberdeen Local Tribunal Advisory Committee
    Agatha Caroline Makins, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Henley-on-Thames
    Jeanne Marie Malcolm, Lady Secretary at Headquarters, Y.M.C.A.
    William Malcolm, Executive Officer for Food Production, Lanarkshire
    John Moore Mallett, Personal Assistant to the Director of Works, Admiralty
    Frederick Mallinson, Commissioned Auxiliary Fleet Section, Ministry of Shipping
    Gerard Noel Cornwallis Mann, Tractor Representative for Norfolk and Suffolk, Food Production Department
    William Henry Mann, County Director, Tyrone, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem; Treasurer of Our Day Fund in Ulster
    Albert John Manning, Senior Clerk, Recruiting Department, Ministry of National Service
    Helen Marchbank, Assistant in British Consulate, Tampico
    Ethel Gertrude Marriott, Inspection Welfare Superintendent, Ministry of Munitions, Manchester and East Lancashire
    Beatrix Maria Martin, Late Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Shrubland Park, Coddenham, Suffolk
    Ernest Charles Martin, Head of Labour Supply Section, Food Production Department
    John Bentick Martin, British Vice-Consul at Trondhjem
    William Thomas Mason, Constructive Department, H.M. Dockyard, Devonport
    Joseph Louis Mather, In charge, Artificers Allocation Section, Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    William Thomas Matthews, Staff Clerk, War Trade Statistical Department
    Paul John Mavrogordato, Personal Assistant to Controller, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Lucy Powys Maybery, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 18, Brecknockshire
    William Mayne, Acting Accountant in the War Office
    David McCall, Outside Manager of Ayrshire Dockyard Company, Ltd.
    George William Richardson McCammon, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Gerald Bernard McCormick, Royal Navy, Ordnance Store Department, Chatham
    Maude McGavin, Acting Assistant to the Supervisor of Copying, Colonial Office
    James McGowan, Scottish Surveyor of Taxes
    Donald McBrayne McLachlan, Outdoor Hull Manager of Submarine Department, Messrs. Beardmore & Company
    Maurice Paterson McLaren, Assistant Engineer, H.M. Office of Works
    Esther Fanny McLean, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 154, County of London
    Captain John Reid McLean JP Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Matthew Adam McLean, Shop Superintendent, British Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, Ltd., Manchester
    Norman McManus, Works Manager, Dundee National Shell Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Julia McMordie, President of St. John Voluntary Aid Detachments, Belfast
    Alice Margaret Meadows, Superintendent, 606th Motor Transport Company, Army Service Corps
    Walter Alfred Medorow, Air Department, Admiralty
    William Melville MVO JP Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    Herbert Melville Smith, Manager, King's Norton Filling Factory and National Filling Factory, Abbey Wood, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Duncan Menzies, Donor of Lynehurst Auxiliary Hospital, West Linton, Peebleshire
    Henry John Merriman, Research Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    Edith Minna Metcalfe, Honorary Organising Relief Secretary, Chatham Naval Branch, Soldiers' and Sailors' Families Association[12]
    John Methven, Assistant Secretary to the City of Dundee Branch, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    John Deeble Michell, Chief Architectural Adviser, War Office
    Charles Michie, Representative of the Ministry of Pensions, North Scotland
    Ella Morison Millar
    Annie Miller, Commandant, The Highlands Auxiliary Hospital, Shortheath, Farnham, Surrey
    John Edwin Mills, London and South-Western Railway
    Richard Tudor Millward, Exchequer and Audit Department
    George Milne, Assistant Shipyard Manager of Messrs. Hall, Russell & Company, Ltd.
    John Ferguson Milne, Assistant Architect, 2nd Class, H.M. Office of Works
    John Robertson Milne, Central Accounts, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Herbert Samuel Mingard, Assistant Director, Contracts Section, Explosives Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    George Bennett Mitchell, Red Cross Transport Officer, Aberdeen
    John Adamson Mitchell, Dockyard Manager, Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Ltd., Greenock
    Walter Mitchell, Engine Works Manager, Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Ltd., Greenock
    Alexander George Moffatt, Sectional Commander, Swansea Special Constabulary
    Annie Maitland Moir, Lady Secretary for Scotland, Y.M.C.A.
    Frederick William Moll, District Inspector of Stores Construction, Ministry of Munitions
    Owen Monk, Prisoners of War Department, Foreign Office
    William Dusar Monk, Quartermaster of Lewisham Military Hospital
    Olive Eleanor Monkhouse, Chief Woman Dilution Officer, Labour Department, Ministry of Munitions[12]
    Eleanora Montford, Commandant and Matron, Broadway House Auxiliary Hospital, Church Stoke, Montgomeryshire
    Isabella Macalister Montgomerie
    John Morgan, Superintendent, Stoke-on-Trent Special Constabulary
    Arthur Morson, Clerk to the Rugby Urban District Council; Clerk to the Rugby Urban Tribunal and to the Local Representative Committee
    Lucy Aylwin Morten-Turner, Commandant, Lady's Close Auxiliary Hospital, Watford
    Arthur Herbert Moseley, Secretary, Birmingham Munitions Board of Management
    George Sinclair Moss, British Consular Assistant, Weihaiwei
    Frank Jago Munford, Statistical Department, Ministry of National Service
    Henry Palmer Murphy, Personal Assistant to Controller of Inspection, Ministry of Munitions
    Jerome Bernard Murphy, Cunard Agent, Queenstown
    James Robertson Murray, British Vice-Consul (Acting Consul), Colon
    Maynard Mylrea, Lady Superintendent, Y.M.C.A., Sling Plantation, Salisbury Plain
    Harold Walter Naish, Trench Warfare Finances, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Ada Grace Neame, Commandant, Christchurch Auxiliary Hospital, Beckenham
    James Henry Needham, Yard Manager, Messrs. Sir James Laing & Sons
    William Nelson, Technical Adviser to Shipyard Labour Department, Admiralty
    Alice Jane Winifred Nicholas, Chief Dairy Instructress, Cornwall County Council
    Evelyn Joanna Nicholson, Quartermaster, Vernon Institute Auxiliary Hospital, Great Saughall, Chester
    Captain John Steel Nicholson, Technical Adviser, Materials and Accessories Branch, Air Board
    John Strathdel Nicol, British Explosives Syndicate
    Beatrice Norrie, Lady Superintendent, Giro's Club, and Y.M.C.A. Hostel, London Bridge
    James Northam, Admiralty
    George H. A. Northcott, Secretary in Charge, Eastern Counties Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Leslie Richard Notley, Assistant, Printing Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Harry Augustus Nott, Electrical Department, H.M. Dockyard, Devonport
    Reuben Oakeshott, Chief of Stores Branch, Woolwich Arsenal
    Helen Leslie Ogilvie, Supervisor of Garments for NorthEastern District, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    James William Olive, Superintendent, Metropolitan Police
    Arthur O'Reilly, Supervising Clerk, Honours Section of the Military Secretary's Department, War Office
    John Maurice Orniston, Principal Assistant, Repair Department, Cammell Laird & Company
    Sybil Margaret Orpen, Quartermaster, Kensington Division, County of London, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    C. J. Orton, Late Organiser of Shell Forging Distribution, Ministry of Munitions
    Ethel Margaret Oswald Oswald, Head Masseuse, Almeric Paget Military Massage Corps
    James Thomas Ottewill, Warship Manager in Shipbuilding Department, Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Ltd.
    Eugenie Josephine Oudin, Superintendent, Translation Bureau, War Office
    John Albert Owen, South-Eastern and Chatham Railway
    Edward Page, Fishery Officer of the Sussex Local Sea Fisheries Committee
    Sydney David Pallin, Superintendent of Refuge for Belgians at Edmonton
    Horace Frank Palmer, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    May Blanche Palmer, Superintendent of Women Munition Workers Hostel, Slades Green
    William George Pape, London, Brighton & South Coast Railway
    George Herbert Parr, British Vice-Consul, Rio de Janeiro
    Janie Ramsbottom Paul, in charge of Red Cross Working Parties in Dumbartonshire
    Catherine Swan Paull, Commandant of St. Matthew's Hall Auxiliary Hospital, St. Mary's Road, Willesden
    Janet Payne, Organiser and President of the Red Cross Ladies Workroom in Alexandria
    Winifred Pead, Administrative Assistant, Contracts Branch, Air Board
    Agnes Isobel Pearce, Voluntary Aid Detachment, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Walter Peel JP Member of Liverpool Local Representative Committee
    Howard Peet, Superintendent, Signalling Section, Grimsby Special Constabulary
    Richard Gall Peirce, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    Henry William Pell, Assistant Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 3 Area (Yorkshire)
    Charlie Pelling, Shop Superintendent, Messrs. White, Allom & Company, London
    George Henry Perry, Deputy Head Chemist, Inspection Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    Bernard Richard Peters, Assistant Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Technical), Ministry of Munitions
    Cecil James Razzell Peters, Assistant Director of Propellant Branch, Explosives Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Walter Bell Pettet, Released Soldiers Records, Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    David Phillips, Works Manager, Messrs. Nevill Druce & Company, Llanelly
    Henry Dixon Phillips JP Chairman, Eastern Counties Division, Y.M.C.A.
    Henry Thomas Phillips, Trench Warfare Contracts, Contracts Department, Ministry of Munitions
    James Falkner Phillips, Civil Assistant, Board of Invention and Research, Admiralty
    John Henry Phillips, Personal Assistant to Controller, Labour Regulation Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Walter John Phillips, Senior Examiner, Pay Office
    Alice Mabel Pickering, Commandant of Arnold's Auxiliary Voluntary Aid Detachment Hospital, Doncaster
    Henry Pilling, Messrs. Galloways Ltd.
    The Reverend Arnold Theophilus Biddulph Pinchard, Secretary to the Birmingham Lord Mayor's Committee for Organising Hospitality for Refugees
    Charles Pinkham JP Chairman, Willesden Local Tribunal
    Arthur Piper, Acting Paymaster, Army Pay Department
    Alfred John Button Pippard, Head of Sub-section in Technical Department of Air Board
    Charles Russell Pledger, Aeronautics Finance, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Amy Pomeroy, for executing a task requiring exceptional courage and self-sacrifice
    Amy Porter, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Highbury, Birmingham
    Francis Martin Potter, Superintendent, H.M. Factory, Penrhyndeudraeth, Ministry of Munitions
    Edward Cecil Poultney, in charge, Machine Tool Section, American Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    George Power, Secretary, Midland Leather Trades Federation
    Vernon Hamilton Poynter, Honorary Secretary, Committee for Purchase of Army Camp Refuse
    Maye Alice Pressley Smith, Shorthand Typist to His Majesty's Legation in Norway
    Ernest Price, Supervisor, India Store Depot, India Office
    Janet Price-Williams, Honorary Organising Secretary, Cardiff Women's Advisory Committee
    Ernest Edward Prower, Travelling Inspector, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Henry James Prytherch, Head of Military Office Staff, Great Eastern Railway
    Frederick Hayden Purchas, District Stores Superintendent, Manchester, Ministry of Munitions
    Henry James Quick, Electrical Department, H.M. Dockyard, Chatham
    Joseph Rogers Quilter, Secretary to the Drapers Chamber of Trade
    John Raddiffe, Representative of the Ministry of Pensions, South-West England
    George William Rankin, Y.M.C.A. Building Secretary
    John Arthur Rankin, Outside Manager of Engine and Boiler Works, Messrs. John Brown & Company, Ltd.
    George Daniel Read, Officer in Charge of Admiralty Works, Ipswich, Shotley and Yarmouth Districts
    Joseph William Reading, Clerk in Registrar-General's Department
    Annie Bradley Readman, Secretary's Department, Admiralty
    Major Charles Clements Reid, Honorary Secretary and Treasurer, Clackmannan and Kinross, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Isabella Elizabeth Reid, in charge of Red Cross Rest Room and Hostel at Aberdeen
    Clement Unsworth Reynolds, Commandant and Transport Officer, Stockport Division, British Red Cross Society
    William Howe Reynolds, Staff Officer, Chief Industrial Commissioner's Department
    Captain David Mackinlay Potter Roach, Production Officer, Engines Branch, Air Board
    Percy Christopher Rice, Financial Department, Foreign Office
    George Herbert Richardson, Inspector of Clothing, Royal Army Clothing Department
    Peter Richardson, Member of Appeal Tribunal, Dumbarton
    Alfred Charles James Rickett, Private Secretary to Controller, Controlled Establishments Branch, Ministry of Munitions
    Graham Stanley Rider, Sub-Section Director, Inland Transport, Ministry of Munitions
    Lewis Herbert Rider, Finance Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Patrick Riordan, Superintendent of Registry, Board of Agriculture
    Arthur Henry Riseley, Honorary Secretary, Bristol Citizens Recruiting Committee
    Sir James William Ritchie Bt Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Ernest Roberts, Manchester War Pensions Committee
    Herbert Wallace Roberts, Chief Chemist, H.M. Factory, Qualferry, Ministry of Munitions
    Robert Henry Robertshaw, Junior Clerk, Civil Service Commission
    John Robertson, Lanarkshire Miners Union, Member of Collier Recruiting Court, Lanarkshire
    James Constable Robertson JP Town Councillor of Dundee
    Winifred Agnes Florence Robertson, Director of Statistics Department, Admiralty
    George Lovely Robinson, Outside Manager, Messrs. Fletcher, Son & Fearnall
    William Charles Robinson, Superintendent, Metropolitan Police
    James Robson JP President of Durham Miners Association; Assessor to the Colliery Recruiting Court
    George James Nicholas Rogers, Clerk, Local Government Board
    Richard Hawke Rogers, Messrs. Smith & Sons, Ltd.
    Thomas Edward Rogers, Outside Iron Manager, Messrs. Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson, Ltd.
    William Romney, Agent in Charge of Folkestone Harbour, South-Eastern and Chatham Railway
    James Francis Ronca, Board of Trade
    Edith Rose, Secretary of Lord Mayor's Committee, Liverpool, for reception, care and maintenance of refugees
    Jane Rossall, Commandant and Principal Founder, The Star Hills Auxiliary Hospital, Lytham
    James MacKean Rowbotham, in charge of Shell Forging Section, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Maynard Rowland, Chief Technical Assistant for Optical Machinery, Machine Tool Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Mildred Rowley, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 42, Histon Auxiliary Hospital, Cambridgeshire
    Henry George Rowlinson JP Forest of Dean Miners Association; Member of Colliery Recruiting Court, Forest of Dean
    Harry James Roworth, Statistical Branch, Gun Ammunition Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Albert Rowse, Late Head Trench Warfare Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 4 Area Midlands
    Thomas Wright Royle, London Confidential Assistant to Superintendent of the Line, Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway
    Herbert Llewellyn Rutter FRCS Officer in Charge of Wounded Convoys, Northumberland
    The Honourable Lockhart Matthew St. Clair CIE Divisional Commander, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Ella Victoire Sandeman, Officer in Charge, The Crescent Auxiliary Hospital, Hayling Island
    Walter Anthony Sargent, Midland Railway
    Harold Eustace Satow, His Britannic Majesty's Consul, Larissa
    Edward Saunders JP Mayor of Harwich; Chairman of the Harwich Food Control Committee and of the Local Representative Committee
    George William Saunders, Ships Requisitioning Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Thomas Arthur Saunders, Clerk in Registrar-General's Department
    Ernst Schiff, Manager of the Poland Street Refuge for Belgian Refugees and Member of the Jewish Refugee Committee
    Hubert Arthur Secretan, Naval Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    James Seddon, Commandant, Ashton-under-Lyne Special Constabulary
    Walter Sexton, Organiser of Transport Service, Dublin, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Lettice Seymour, Commandant, Hill Crest Auxiliary Hospital, Coventry
    Thomas George Shacklady, Messrs. Curtis & Harvey, Ltd.
    Ethel Mary Reader Shakespear DSc Birmingham War Pensions Committee
    Matthew Joseph Sheridan, Collector of Customs and Excise, Newcastle
    Percy Thomas Shorey, Confidential Clerk, Home Office
    Robert Siddle, Secretary, Amalgamated Society of Leather Workers
    Herbert Sidebottom, Superintendent, Remount Service
    Arthur Molyneux Sillar, Assistant Superintending Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 7 Area (Metropolitan)
    Percy Simmonds, Acting Paymaster, Army Pay Department
    John Leonard Simpson, Messrs. A. Harper, Sons & Bean, Ltd.
    George Greig Sinclair, Acting Civil Engineer, in charge of Works, Royal Naval Air Service, Central Depot, Cranwell
    William Sacheverell Sitwell, Clerk to the Cornwall Appeal Tribunal and Secretary to the County Patriotic Fund
    Edward John Skinner, Electrical Engineer, Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company
    James Cameron Smail, Organiser of Trade Schools under the Education Committee of the London County Council; District Manager, Metropolitan Munitions Committee
    Alexander Smith, Assistant Shipyard Manager, Messrs. Vickers, Ltd.
    Albert Smith, Head Master of the Westville Road Council School, Hammersmith
    Clarence Dalrymple Smith
    Frank William Smith, Head of Military Traffic Department, Great Central Railway
    Gladys Augusta Smith, Private Secretary to Acting Chief of British War Mission in U.S.A.
    Harold Smith, Shop Superintendent, Messrs. Mather & Platt, Ltd., Manchester
    Harold Robert Smith, Honorary Secretary, Suffolk Auxiliary Hospital, Ampton Hall, Bury St. Edmunds
    James Alfred Smith, Staff Clerk, Colonial Office
    Rodney Smith, Y.M.C.A. Worker
    Sydney Smith, Assistant Engineer, Ministry of Munitions, No. 4 Area (Midlands)
    Francis Watson Smyth, Acting Paymaster, Army Pay Department
    John Snell, Inspector, Horticultural Branch, Board of Agriculture
    Frederick Cousins Snowden, Quartermaster of the Hammersmith Military Hospital
    John Sommerville, Senior Bond Officer, Shepherd's Bush, Ministry of Munitions
    Wilfrid Guy Spear, Private Secretary to the Accountant-General of the Navy
    Edward Francis Spiller, in charge, Registry and Accommodation, Ministry of Munitions, Grand Hotel, etc
    Edward Tom Springate, Traffic Agent, Newhaven, London, Brighton and South Coast Railway
    Samuel Springer, Head of the General Department, Foreign Trade Department
    Joseph Cooper Squirrell, Chief of Emergency Division, Ipswich Special Constabulary
    Fanny Stacey, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Bishop's Stortford
    John Stafford, Class A Clerk, War Office
    James William Stafford, Passport Department, Foreign Office
    Louis Donald Stansfield, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    The Reverend Richard Staple, Chief Officer, Canterbury Special Constabulary
    William Edgar Stephens, Town Clerk, Great Yarmouth; Clerk to the Great Yarmouth Local Tribunal
    Herbert Given Stevenson, Representative of the Ministry of Pensions, North Ireland
    Elizabeth Woodhead Stewart, Voluntary Aid Detachment, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Carruthers Jean Stewart, Organising Secretary for the North of England, Munition Workers Welfare Committee, Y.W.C.A.
    John Stewart, Secretary, West Perthshire District Food Production Committee
    Robert Stewart, Postmaster, Margate
    Ernest Henry Stall, Messrs. W. W. Still & Sons, Ltd.
    Richard Albert Stokes, Manager, Morecambe National Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions[12]
    Ethel Mary Hutton Storey, County Secretary, Voluntary Aid Detachments, County of Durham
    John Storey FRAS First Assistant Astronomer, Royal Observatory, Scotland; now serving in the Department of the Director of Naval Ordnance, Admiralty
    Irene Strevens, Chief Superintendent of Women Clerks in Casualty Section, War Office
    Ernest Edward Stringer, Registrar of the Foreign Trade Department
    John Stubbs, Principal, Hughes-Stubbs Metal Company, Birmingham
    Ellen Elizabeth Stuckey, Voluntary Aid Detachment, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    Harold Sumner, Assistant County Director, East Lancashire, British Red Cross Society
    Captain Lewis George Sydenham, Ministry of National Service
    Mary Louisa Sykes, Organiser and Donor, Auxiliary Hospital, Cross Hawell, Rossett, Denbighshire
    Percy Duncan Sykes, Contract Department, Admiralty
    Percy James Symmons, in charge of Movement of Materials, Central Stores Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Charles Crump Tancock, Superintendent, Docks Station, Southampton
    John Reuben Tapp, Acting Victualling Store Officer, Aberdeen
    Grace Rosina Tasker, in charge of Clothing Depot for Stirlingshire, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Mary Beatrice Churchill Tayler, Clerk, Intelligence Branch, Procurator-General's Department
    Alice Maud Rowson Taylor, Commandant, Windy Knowe Auxiliary Hospital, Blundellsands, West Lancashire
    Arthur Thomas Taylor, Assistant Principal Officer, Sugar Distribution Branch, Ministry of Food
    Charles Taylor, Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    Esther Hilda Taylor, Private Secretary to the Secretary of the Ministry of National Service
    George Wilson Taylor, Clerk to the Central (Unemployed) Body, for London; Clerk to the London Appeal Tribunal and Special Tribunal
    Percy Taylor, Chief Examiner, War Office
    Charles Temperley, Commander and Transport Officer, Metropolitan Special Constabulary
    Dorothy Mary Gladys Temperley, Assistant, Historical Section, Requirements and Statistics Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Charlton Thew, Works Manager, Messrs. Hawthorn, Leslie & Company
    Arthur Augustus Thomas, Military Representative, Holloway Tribunal
    Olive Morton Thomas, Private Secretary to the Chairman of the War Trade Intelligence Department
    George Thompson, Managing Director, Messrs. H. W. Ward & Company, Ltd., Birmingham
    Adam Robert Thomson, First Division Clerk, Railway Department, Board of Trade
    Archibald Thomson, Outside Manager of Messrs. William Hamilton & Company, Ltd.
    Margaret Eleanor Thomson, Commander in Charge, Auxiliary Hospital, Penrith
    John Samuel Alphonso McCoan Thornhill, Chief Superintendent of the Map Printing Department of the Ordnance Survey of the United Kingdom
    Reginald Ernest Thornley, Assistant Principal Officer, Establishment Section, Ministry of Food
    Hannah Maud Taylor Thorpe, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 42, Nottinghamshire
    Hugh Kingsmill Neville Thurston, Commander, Plymouth Special Constabulary
    Hugh Gorham Ticehurst, Thames Ammunition Works, Erith
    Violet Beatrice Till, Commandant and Organiser of Nurses Hostel, Surrey
    Henry Tom, British Vice-Consul, Rotterdam
    Marion Tomkinson, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, The Larches, Kidderminster
    John Tourtel, Assistant Inspector of Munitions, U.S.A.
    Arthur Henry Towle, First Class Surveyor of Taxes, Inland Revenue
    Lucy Mabel Townsend, in charge of Hospital Surgical Supply Depot, Scottish Branch, British Red Cross Society
    Anna Townshend, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, The Hermitage, Solihull
    Edward John Tozer, Chief Registrar, Controller's Department, Admiralty
    Gwendoline Chenevix-Trench, Administrator, Fenrhyn Cottage Auxiliary Hospital, Carnarvonshire
    Rosamond, Baroness Trevor, Donor and Organiser, Brynkinalt Auxiliary Hospital, Chirk, Denbighshire
    William Burrows Trick JP Chairman, Neath Rural District Council; Chairman, Neath Rural Local Tribunal
    Oliver Trigger, Deputy Head Chemist, Inspection Department, Woolwich Arsenal
    Harry Woodward Trotter, Committee Clerk, Customs and Excise
    Ada Mary Turner, Superintendent of Women Munition Workers Club, Gravesend
    Major George Bankart Turner, Engineer in Charge of Production, Royal Aircraft Factory
    Helen Turner, Matron of the Central Work Rooms, Royal Academy
    William Henry Turton, Manager, Gun and Carriage Factories, Woolwich Arsenal
    James Tweedale, Works Manager, Messrs. T. Robinson & Sons, Ltd., Railway Works, Rochdale
    Walter Gerald Vann, Secretary of the British Farmers Fund
    George Vardy, Engine Works Manager, Messrs. Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson, Ltd., Wallsend-on-Tyne
    John Varley, Chief Investigator, Machine Tool Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Arthur Ronald Vaughan, Assistant to Engineering Manager, Messrs. Cammell Laird and Company, Ltd.
    Ruth Sarah Vigers, Assistant Secretary, Officers (Convalescent Homes Department, British Red Cross and Order of St. John
    Harold Decimus Vigor, Secretary, Royal Commission on Wheat Supplies
    Albert William Viney, Shop Manager, Royal Naval Torpedo Factory, Greenock
    Nancy Lycett, Baroness Vivian, Lady Superintendent, Y.M.C.A. Hut, Euston
    Francis Richard Wade, Assistant Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Supervisory), Ministry of Munitions
    Edward Waggott, Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd.
    Colonel Charles Richard Wainwright TD DL JP Chairman, Ashton-under-Lyne Local Tribunal
    Alice May Waite, Private Secretary to Controller, Optical Munitions, Glassware and Potash Production, Ministry of Munitions
    Alexander Mann Walker, Divisional Commander, West Riding Special Constabulary
    Charles Edmund Walker, Messrs. J. Stone and Company
    John Drummond Walker, Naval Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    John Frederick Walker, Royal Corps of Naval Constructors
    Maria Edith Walker, Commandant, Voluntary Aid Detachment No. 24, Auxiliary Hospital, Spilsby, Lincolnshire
    Robert Walker, Late Private Secretary to Director-General of Inspection of Munitions
    Augusta Maud Wallace
    Robert Wallis, Works Manager, Wallsend Slipway and Engineering Company
    John Thomas Walton, Shop Superintendent, Woolsey Sheep Shearing Machine Company, Limited, Birmingham
    Caroline Theodora Ward, Commandant of Burntwood Auxiliary Hospital, Caterham
    Charles Wardle, Secretary of the Nottingham Lace Workers Union
    Percy Thomas Wardle, Secretary, Messrs. William Muir and Co., Ltd., Manchester
    Arthur Glyn Watkins, Manager, Gloucester Filling Factory, Ministry of Munitions
    Thomas Percival Holmes Watkins, Clerk to the Guardians, Pontypool; Clerk to the Panteg Local Tribunal
    Isabella Clark Watson, Voluntary Aid Detachment, New Zealand Expeditionary Force
    William George Watson, Constructive Department, Pembroke Dock
    Henry Charles Watts, Head of Sub-Section of Air Board, Technical Department
    Adam Weatherhead, Superintendent, Middlesbrough Special Constabulary
    Ella Gertrude Amy Webb MD Lady District Superintendent, St. John Ambulance Brigade, Dublin
    Ellen, Lady Webb, Donor and Commandant, Llwynarthan Auxiliary Hospital, Castleton, Cardiff
    Herbert Stephen Webb, Naval Store Department, Admiralty
    Walter Weighell, Contraband Department Registry
    George Jackson Weir, Factory Accounts, Finance Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Cecile Campbell Welsh
    James Hales West, Superintendent, Metropolitan Police
    John Lowe Westland, Surveyor, Director of Works Department, Admiralty
    Edith Ivy Weston
    Thomas Angas Wheatley, Messrs. Beck & Company
    Alfred James Whitby, Staff Clerk, Finance Division, H.M. Office of Works
    Arthur White, Superintendent, Metropolitan Police
    Jesse Obadiah White, Constructive Department, H.M. Dockyard, Chatham
    Percy Ernest White, Senior Officer, Portsmouth Special Constabulary
    Professor Robert George White MSc Technical Adviser, Food Production Department
    Gerald Whiting, Yard Manager, Messrs. Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whitworth & Company, Ltd.
    George Jackson Whitten, Surveyor (Permanent), War Office
    Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert John Whittle, Ministry of National Service
    Christopher Henry George Wilkinson, Naval Store Department, Admiralty
    Charles Robert Thomas Williams, Late Assistant Director, Enrolled Labour Section, Labour Supply Department, Ministry of Munitions
    Ernest Graham Williams, Naval Sea Transport Branch, Ministry of Shipping
    Isabel Rose Williams, Lady Superintendent, Y.M.C.A. Hut, Waterloo Road
    Elizabeth Williams Wynn, County Secretary, Denbigh and Flintshire, British Red Cross and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Rose Willson, Donor and late Commandant of Ranceby Ball Auxiliary Hospital, Grantham
    Harry Gouldie Wilson Accountant-General's Department, Admiralty
    William Wilson, Outside Manager, Northumberland Shipbuilding Company
    Rowland Winn, Tractor Representative for Yorkshire, Food Production Department
    Henry Elsbury Winter, Sergeant, Carlisle Special Constabulary
    Constance Evelyn Winwood Smith, Personal Assistant to Director of Supply and Production, Air Board
    Percy Furlong Wise, Inspector of Gun Ammunition (Supervisory), Ministry of Munitions
    Ralph Wolfenden, Assistant, National Physical Laboratory
    Frances Mary Wood, Contracts Branch, War Office
    Lieutenant Thomas Wood, in charge of Red Cross Motor Repair Works, Boulogne
    Charles Merllynn Woodford, Organiser of the War Trade Department Registry
    Amy Wood-Hill, Commandant, Auxiliary Hospital, Beccles, Suffolk
    Charlie Roland Woods, Secretary of the Horse Rationing Committee and of the Board of Trade Iron and Steel Committee
    Irene Woodyear, Military Intelligence Branch, War Office
    Frank George Woollard, Technical Director of Messrs. E. G. Wrigley & Company, Ltd., Birmingham
    Andrew Charles Woolmer, Superintendent, H.M. Factory, Swindon, Ministry of Munitions
    Walter John Wotton, Electrical Department, H.M. Dockyard, Devonport
    Henry Wright, First Class Surveyor of Taxes, Inland Revenue
    Professor Mark Robinson Wright, Chairman of Whitley and Monkseaton Local Tribunal
    William Wright, Engineer to the Trustees of the Crystal Palace
    William Wright, Y.M.C.A., Secretary for Ireland
    Leonard Graveney Wykes, Secretary, Machine Tool Advisory Committee, Ministry of Munitions
    Nora Wynne, Welfare Worker and Head of Munition Workers Hostel, Luton
    David Wilberforce-Young, Inspector, Forestry Branch, Board of Agriculture
    Edward Willie Young, Honorary Secretary and Organiser, County of Middlesex, British Red Cross Society
    George Young, Inspector, Cardiff Special Constabulary
    Patricia Young
    Thomas Young, Executive Officer for Food Production, County of Fife
    Walter Youngman, Freight of Stores Section, Ministry of Shipping

For services in connection with the War in France, Egypt and Salonika —

    Captain Nevill Anderson, Deputy Assistant Adjutant-General, British Expeditionary Force
    Madeleine Beasley, Organiser and Controller of a Canteen, British Expeditionary Force
    Arthur Beeby-Thompson, in charge of Deep Well Boring Park, British Salonika Force
    The Honourable Phyllis Hermione Coke, in charge of Young Men's Christian Association arrangements at 3rd Army Rest Camp
    James Lawrence Hay, Secretary, Young Men's Christian Association, New Zealand Division
    Verania MacPhillamy, Assistant Superintendent of the Soldiers' Club and Rest Camp, Kantara Railway Station, Egypt
    William Owens, Supervising Field Secretary, Young Men's Christian Association, Egyptian Expeditionary Force
    John William Swithen-bank, Young Men's Christian Association XVIII Corps, British Expeditionary Force

    British India

    Lilian Barton
    Deaconess Margaret Durell, lately in charge Soldiers Home, Peshawar and Cherat
    Kate Thubron
    May McCarthy
    Edith Spencer, Nursing Sister, His Highness the Maharaja Somalia's Convalescent Home, Nairobi, East Africa
    Florence Maria Wyld, Principal of the Mahbubia Girls School, Hyderabad
    Herbert Ruben Bird, Manager, Office of Military Secretary to His Excellency the Governor of Madras
    Rao Bahadur Rango Govind Naik, Pleader, Bombay
    Lieutenant Charles Edward Miller Judge, Indian Army Reserve of Officers, Supply and Transport Corps, Army Headquarters
    Frank Henry Jones, First Engineer of the Cable Steamer Patrick Stewart

    Commonwealth of Australia

    Albert Sydney Austin, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Hugh V. E. Calthrop, for services oversea in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Bed Cross Society
    H. C. Cave, for services oversea in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Ida Florence Dean, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Frank De Boise, for services oversea in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Thomas Percy Draper, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Kate Egan, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    E. G. Elworthy, for services oversea in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    W. J. Isbister, for services oversea in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Ethel Laidley, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    W. T. Robertson, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Captain Robert Albert Dunbar Sinclair, for services oversea in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Lillias Margaret Skene, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Nancy Consett Stephen, for services in Australia in connection with the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross Society
    Charles A. de Messurier Walker, Honorary Secretary, Australian Comforts Fund

    Egypt and the Sudan

    Pye Moore, Nursing Sister, Khartoum Civilian Hospital
    Edward Oliver Heywood Fulford, Works Manager, Blue Nile Irrigation
    John Ball DSc Chief Inspector of Geological Survey
    Allen Calder Potts, Works Manager, Sudan Steamers Department
    Sydney Dennett, Superintending Engineer, Sudan Posts and Telegraphs Department
    John McIntosh, Works Manager, Locomotive Shops, Egyptian State Railways
    George Douglas, Superintendent, Photographic Office, Survey Department
    Herbert Mason, Inspector in Veterinary Service of Ministry of Agriculture
    Burton Pearson, Divisional Traffic Superintendent, Egyptian State Railways
    George Burnett Middleton, Mechanical Service, Public Works Department
    Henry Wilfrid Skelly, Works Manager, Government Press
    Percy Weaver, Assistant Divisional Traffic Superintendent
    George Boxall, Dockyard Engineer, Port Sudan

    Dominion of New Zealand

    Emma Bissland
    Ann Burgess
    Jean Burt
    Sarah Ann Coradine
    Harriette Sophia Crawford
    George Lester Donaldson
    John William Ellis
    Edith Fenton
    Elizabeth Forrester
    Hope Gibbons
    Florence Guinness
    Margaret Harding
    Leah Lucy Hawke
    Douglas William Jack
    Mary Hawkins Kirkpatrick
    Victor John Larner
    Kate Rose Leaver
    Edward George Levinge
    Isabel McLean
    Arthur Edward Manning
    Colonel William Henry Sefton Moorhouse, Dominion Secretary of the New Zealand Branch of the British Red Cross Society and Order of St. John of Jerusalem
    Elizabeth Lily Nash
    Arihia Kane Ngata
    George Albert Perry
    Herbert James Duncan Robertson
    Iris Brenda Rolleston
    Alice Georgina Sherratt
    Jean Simpson
    William Wallace Snodgraes
    Belle Spedding
    William Stead
    Maurice Thompson
    Patricia Clay Thomson
    Charles John Treleaven
    Arthur Varney, General Secretary, Young Men's Christian Association, New Zealand
    Georgina Webster

    Newfoundland

    William Walker Blackall BA a Superintendent of Education, for services in connection with recruiting
    Vincent Patrick Burke MA LLD a Superintendent of Education, for services in connection with recruiting
    The Reverend Levi Curtis MA DD a Superintendent of Education, for services in connection with recruiting
    Elizabeth Selina Green, for services in connection with the Newfoundland War Contingent Association
    Annie Hayward, for services in connection with the Women's Patriotic Association
    Mary McKay, for services in connection with the Women's Patriotic Association
    Eliza Mary Jane Morris, for services in connection with the Newfoundland War Contingent Association
    Frank Steer, Honorary Secretary of the Imperial Red Cross Fund in Newfoundland

    Union of South Africa

    Ezra John Barnett, for services in connection with the South African Railways Rest Room, Johannesburg
    Lucy Dorothea Bourne, of Red Cross and Comforts Committees, Pretoria
    William Beale Calder, for services in connection with the Governor-General's Fund, Durban
    Herbert Ernest Clark, Honorary Secretary, Kimberley Committee, GovernorGeneral's Fund
    Francis George Clarkson, Honorary Secretary, Grahamstown Committee, Governor-General's Fund
    Paul Dietrich Cluver, Mayor of Stellenbosch
    John Dougall, Honorary Treasurer, Governor-General's Fund
    Robert Dunlop, af the Natal Branch of the Governor-General's Fund
    Eveline Mary Duquemin, for services in connection with the Governor-General's Fund
    John Fairlbairn, Joint Honorary Secretary, Bed Cross, South Africa
    Pieter Jacobus van Breda Faure, ex-Mayor of Bloemfontein
    Laura Vivienne Fraser, of the Comforts Committee, De Aar
    Grace Christian Friedlander, President and Honorary Secretary of the South African Work Booms, London
    Constantino William Giovanetti, Mayor of Pretoria
    Alexander Forsyth Girdwood, Port Goods Superintendent, Cape Town
    Willoughiby How, Honorary Secretary, Port Elizabeth Local Committee of the Governor-General's Fund
    Edwin Gilbert Izod, South African War Market Committee, Johannesburg
    John Chambers Jemsley, Mayor of Port Elizabeth
    Elizabeth Evelyn Martin, of the Red Cross Committee, Cape Town
    Justina Wilhelrnina Nancy Moller, of the Comforts Committee, Johannesburg
    Susan Ann Murray, of the Red Cross Committee, Bloemfontein
    Maria Nuttall, for services in connection with the Governor-General's Fund, Durban
    John Orr, Mayor of Kimberley
    Mary Jeannette Parker, of the Women's Patriotic League, Pietermaritzburg
    Thomas Samuel Parkyns, for war services on the railways of the South-West Africa Protectorate
    Catherine Mary Bees, Member of War Work Committees, East London
    Frederick Rowland, Joint Honorary Secretary, Red Cross, South Africa
    Emma Jane Searle, of the Red Cross Committee, Cape Town
    Thomas Sleith, General Manager, Union Defence Forces Institute
    Ridhard Walter Stowe, for war services in the South African Railway Workshops, Cape Town
    Percy Henry Taylor, Mayor of Pietermaritzburg
    Arthur Walter Townshend, Chairman, Visiting Troops Entertainment Committee, Cape Town
    Kate Amy van der Bijl, of the Red Cross and Comforts Committees, Cape Town
    Rose Lilian Vintcent, of the South African Comforts Committee, London
    John Henry Weaver, Chief Censor for the Union of South Africa
    Charles Winser, Honorary Secretary, Natal Red Cross

    Crown Colonies, Protectorates, etc.

    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Bell, Chief Inspector of Police and Commandant of Local Forces, Leeward Islands
    Marie Bouavia, for services to the sick, wounded and poor in Malta
    Ellen Bowen, for services to War Charities in Barbados
    Ada Ellen Briscoe, local representative in Jamaica of Queen Mary's Needlework Guild
    Robert Randal Bruce, Receiver-General, Harbour Master and Shipping Master, Saint Helena
    John Borlase Cassels, for Red Cross Services in British Guiana
    Harry Hardman Cannell, Honorary Secretary, The Oversea Forces Reception Committee
    Marie Clumeck, for services to War Charities in the Straits Settlements
    Frederick Appleton Collymore, for services in connection with the Red Cross Motor Ambulance Fund, Barbados
    Katharine Cook, Matron, Church Missionary Society Hospital, Kampala, Uganda Protectorate
    Emanuel Henry Cummings, Mayor of Freetown, Sierra Leone
    Judith de Cordova, for services in connection with War Charities and recruiting in Jamaica
    Annie Jane Douglas, Matron of the Government Lunatic Asylum, Kingston, Jamaica, for services on behalf of War Charities and recruiting
    Christopher Robert Burroughs Draper, Magistrate and District Commissioner, Northern Rhodesia
    Matthew McKean Fitzpatrick, Senior Engineer, Marine Department, Nigeria, for services in connection with the salvage of vessels at Duala
    Harry Kaye Cecil Fisher, of the Eastern Extension, Australasia and China Telegraph Company, for services to the Government of the Straits Settlements
    Captain Percy Louis Alexander Fraser, Superintendent of Prisons, Trinidad
    Major John Morton Fremantle, Resident of Muri, Nigeria, for services in connection with the Cameroon Campaign
    Edward Basil Herbert Goodall, Native Commissioner, Northern Rhodesia
    Eugene Patrick Griffin, Chief Clerk, Colonial Secretary's Office, Gibraltar
    John Pierce Hand, Organiser of the "600" Club in aid of returned soldiers, Bermuda Islands
    Robert Oliphant Hutchison, Superintendent of Imports and Exports, Colony of Hong Kong
    Agnes Norah Johnson, Honorary Secretary of the Bahamian Red Cross Guild
    Edgar Anderson Averaye Jones, Magistrate and District Commissioner, Northern Rhodesia
    Tereza Mary Kearney, Mother Superior, Mill Hill Mission, Uganda Protectorate
    Vrasidas Demitriou Lanitis, Senior Clerk, District Administration, Cyprus
    Lee Choon Guan, for services to War charities in the Straits Settlements
    Elizabeth Ann Lofthouse, for services to War charities in the Bahama Islands
    George Graham Percy Lyons, Magistrate and District Commissioner, Northern Rhodesia
    Anne Gill Mifsud, Lady Superintendent of the Nursing Division of the St. John's Ambulance Brigade, Malta
    Mary Moseley, Honorary Secretary of the Ladies' Committee in London for the British West Indies Regiment
    Walter Frederick Nutt, of the Straits Trading Company, for services in the Federated Malay States
    Henry Bradshaw Popham, District Political Officer in the British Sphere of Occupation in Togoland
    Robert Sutherland Rattray, District Political Officer in the British Sphere of Occupation in Togoland
    Maria Jean Reid, Chairman of the Red Cross Committee, Nyasaland
    Arthur Thomas Rivers, Honorary Treasurer of the Oversea Forces Reception Committee
    Herbert St. John Sheppard, Senior Assistant Auditor, Nigeria, for services in connection with the Cameroon Campaign
    Captain William Blakeney Stanley, First Class District Commissioner, Sierra Leone
    John James Toogood, Member of the Claims Board; East Africa Protectorate
    Captain Frederic Thomas George Tremlett, Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Mauritius
    Ada Mary Tucker, for services to the Bermuda Contingents
    Archibald Rhys Usher, Member of the Legislative Council of the Colony of British Honduras and Chairman of the British Honduras Contingent Society
    Gustavus William Webster, Resident of Yola, Nigeria, for services in connection with the Cameroon Campaign
    Captain Charles Edward Wells, Chairman of the Rhodesia Employment Bureau for returned soldiers
    Thomas Alfred Wood, Member of the Claims Board, East Africa Protectorate

    Honorary Members

    Sir Apolo Kagwa KCMG Prime Minister of Buganda
    Edward Sulemani Kahaya, King of Ankole; Andereya Juhaga, King of Bunyoru; and Dandi Kasagama, King of Toro; For services in raising and organising native levies and local Defence Corps, Uganda Protectorate
    Sayyid Ahmed el Morghani, Notable of Kassala
    El Sherif Yusef El Hindi, Notable
    Yacbub Bey Fahmy, Station Superintendent, Cairo Station
    Attilio Nani, Postmaster, Port Said
    Ibraham Bey Dimitri, Sudan Service

Royal Red Cross[edit]
First Class (RRC)[edit]

    Millicent Acton, Matron, Territorial Force Nursing Service (T.F.N.S.)
    Margaret Anderson, Head Sister, Australian Army Nursing Service
    Edith Elizabeth Appleton, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, St. Bartholomew's
    Ellen Elizabeth Baldrey, Sister, Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service Reserve (Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.)
    Marian Winfield Bannister, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Frederickke Wilhelmina Christopherson, Assistant Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Mary Constance Clark, Superintending Sister, Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service (Q.A.R.N.N.S.)
    Grace Corder, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Helen Cousins, Matron, 10, Palace Green, W. London
    Elizabeth Joan Cumming, Matron, Army Nursing Service Reserve
    Nora Dalrymple, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Ethel Sarah Davidson, Matron, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Annie Blackley Denton, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Helen Dey, Acting Sister, Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service (Q.A.I.M.N.S.)
    Clarice Molyneux Dickson, Sister, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Maud Alice Dunn, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Nora Easby, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, St. Thomas Hospital
    Lily Agnes Ephgrave, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S. (retired)
    Gertrude Annie Flood, Matron, Military Orthopaedic Hospital, Shepherd's Bush
    Mary. Gladys Connie Foley, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Dorothy Penrose Foster, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Myra Goodeve, Matron, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Frances Mary Hall, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S. (retired)
    Jane Anne Hannah, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Elsie Emma Harlow, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Ethel Harwood, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Katie Payne Hodge, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R., Australia
    Minnie Holmes, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Ethel Julia Marion Keene, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Estelle Venner Keogh, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R., Australia
    Mary Walker Langlands, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Dorothy Ann Laughton, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Gertiude Lulham, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Margaret Joan Leonara Lyons, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Elizabeth Lusk Macaulay, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Edinburgh Mental Hospital
    Cordelia MacKay, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Janet McGregor McDonald, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Katherine Violet Saile Merriman, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Isabel Muirhead Muir, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Gertrude Napper, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Alice Nye, Matron, Nursing Service
    Ida O'Dwyer, Head Sister, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Mildred Alice Oakley, Sister, Acting Matron, T.F.N.S.
    Elizabeth Orr, Assistant Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Rachel Patterson, Matron, Nyasaland Nursing Service
    Kathleen Agnes Prendergast, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Minnie Farquharson Proctor, Sister, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Elizabeth Rogers, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Violet Rogers, Sister, T.F.N.S. Alice Rowe, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Amelia Julia, Lady Sargant ARRC Commandant and Matron, St. Anselm's Hospital, Walmer
    Eva Owen Schofield, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Edinburgh Royal Infirmary
    Helen Donaldson Shearer, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Margaret Helen Smyth, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Alice Violet Stewart, Senior Nursing Sister, Nursing Service
    Louisa Stobo, Head Sister, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Marky Minto Tait, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Glasgow Western Infirmary
    Jean Urquhart, Matron, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Margaret Whitson, Matron, British Red Cross Society
    Maude Willes ARRC Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Eva Florence Wilson, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Nella Myrtle Wilson, Assistant Matron, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Adelaide Anne Wood, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.

Second Class (ARRC)[edit]

    Maud Alice Abraham, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Middlesex Hospital
    Louisa Joyce Acton, Town Hall Hospital, Torquay
    Helen Addison, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Betty Angel, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Royal Free Hospital
    Esther Lydia Ashby, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Ellen Atkinson, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Alfreeda Jean Attrill, Nursing Sister, Canadian Nursing Service
    Frances Ethel Bach, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, David Lewis Hospital, Liverpool
    Annie Baillie, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Geraldine Catherine Ball, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Annie Barns, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, London Hospital
    Florence Marion Bartleet, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Francis Ethel Barwell, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Henrietta Bauman, Sister, South African Medical Nursing Service
    Susan Baxter, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Mile End Infirmary
    Mary du Caurroy, The Duchess of Bedford, Woburn Auxiliary Hospital, Bedford
    Beatrice Emily Beeson, Special Probationers Nursing Service
    Louisa Bennett, Sister, British Red Cross Society
    Marianne Ballingall Bennett, Assistant Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Mother Mary Berckmans, Matron, Military Hospital, Waterloo Park, Lancashire
    Louisa Harriett Berry, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Elizabeth May Best, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps, Nursing Service
    Florence Ethel Bickmore, Sister, British Red Cross Society
    Frances May Billington, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R., New Zealand
    Annie Blackburn, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Ada Blackmail, London Hospital
    Emily Coleclough Blake, Nursing Sister, South African Medical Nursing Service
    Elsie Blest, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Constance Boschoff, Staff Nurse, Clandon Park, Guildford
    Emily Caroline Clifford Bramwell, Matron, The Red House Auxiliary Hospital, Leatherhead
    Margaret Allen Brander, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    May Gertrude Broadbent, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Katharine Alice Broade, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S. (retired)
    Flora McDonald Browning, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Royal Infirmary, Sunderland
    Mabel Emma Bruce, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps, Nursing Service
    Amy Ada Bryant, Matron, Benfleet Hall Auxiliary Hospital, Sutton
    Mathilde Bull, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Marguerite Eveline Bunyard, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Ellen Josephine Burke, Staff Nurse, Civil Hospital Reserve, Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast
    Georgia Burke-Roche, Sister, Nursing Service
    Helen Caig, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Queens Hospital, Birmingham
    Nina Cairns, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Alexine Cameron, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Edith Clare Cameron, Sister, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Helen Margaret Cameron, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Eve Mary Campbell, The Honourable Nursing Sister, East Africa Nursing Service
    Mary Roslyn Carr, Matron, British Red Cross Society
    Edith Emma Dorothy Carter, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Stella Caulfield, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Kathleen Cawler, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Sarah E. Chadwick, Sister, St. Johns Hospital, Southport
    Lily Langshaw Chapman, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Julie Mary Clancy, Staff Nurse, Civil Hospital Reserve, London Hospital
    Marguerite Gérard-Clément, Sister (late A.N.S.), Military Hospital, Newcastle-on-Tyne
    Mary Fynes Clinton, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Lynda Mary Coates, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital
    Jessie Alexander Connal, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Isabel Connor, Nursing Sister, Australian Army Medical Corps, Nursing Service
    Ianthe Constantinides, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Edith Marie Cooper, Acting Sister. Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Amy Isabel Coward, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Margaret Rosetta Cox, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Isobella Craig, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Glasgow Royal Infirmary
    Mary Craig, Staff Nurse, South African Medical Nursing Service
    Helen Patterson Crawford, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Mary Matthewson Crichton, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Manchester Royal Infirmary
    Annie Crooks, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, London Hospital
    Jean P. Cullen, Nursing Sister, Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service Reserve (Q.A.R.N.N.S.R.)
    Ethel Mary Cumberledge, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, St. Bartholomew's
    Agnes Elizabeth Cummings, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Constance Cundell, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Mary Curran, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Royal City of Dublin Hospital
    Elsie Frances Curtis, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Clare Daglish, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    May Dale, Nursing Sister, East Africa Nursing Service
    Henrietta Daly, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, London Hospital
    Marianne Emaline Dann, Matron, Red Cross Hospital, Hillfield, Reigate
    Christina Anderson Davidson, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Mary Anne Davies, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Isabel May Day, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Alma Margaret Mary Denny, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Christina McI. Dewar, Nursing Sister, Q.A.R.N.N.S.R.
    Gertrude Marion Doherty, Staff Nurse, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Edith Victoria Donaldson, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R., Australia
    Helen Louise Drinkwater, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Mary Annie Earp, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Alice Mary Eastes, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Mary Richmond Easton, Matron, Headquarters, London
    Mary Eksteen, Staff Nurse, South African Medical Nursing Service
    Christabel Mary Ellis, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Mary Emerson, Sister, Hildens Military Hospital, Haslemere
    Bessie Ernest, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Eliza Ann Everett, Nurse, Regents Park Hospital, Southampton
    Margaret Fanny Fell, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Helen Mary Fergusson, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Charlotte Fitzmayer, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S. (T)
    Nora Fitzpatrick, Nurse (Nursing Services), Dublin
    May Armstrong Fletcher, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Jean Forbes, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Ella Foskett, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Helen Leila Fox, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Winifred Heath Fray, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Jessica Lillington Freshfield, Sister, British Red Cross Society
    Kleo Friend, Commandant, The Castle Auxiliary Hospital, Ryde, Isle of Wight
    Mary Furdham, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Jean Fyfe, Asst Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Margaret Mary Galbraith, Asst Matron, Canadian Army Medical Corps, Nursing Service
    Margaret Gall, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Elsie Vera Orby Gascoigne, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, St. Bartholomew's Hospital
    Mabel Emily Gascoine, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, West Hertfordshire Hospital
    Elsie Georgina Gawith, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Kathleen Gawler, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Janet Elizabeth Giles, Matron, British Red Cross Society
    Charlotte Mary Gooding, Sister, Kingston, Surbiton and District Red Cross Hospital, New Maiden
    Katherine Marsh Gordon, Voluntary Aid Detachment Member
    Edith Mary Goss, Lady Superintendent, Palace Auxiliary Hospital, Gloucester
    Jemima Helen Grant, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Dora Granville Grayson, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Dorothy Greig, Special Probationers Nursing Service
    Mary Ellen Grow, Sister, Oakenshaw Hospital, Surbiton
    Edith Hadfield, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Hull Royal Infirmary
    Mary Beatrice Hall, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Jessie Jean Halliday, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Florence Harley, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Eliza Agnes Harrison, Assistant Matron, T.F.N.S.
    Sybil M. Harry, Sister, Headquarters, London
    Lizzie Haxell, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Sarah Heaney, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Frances Henderson, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Dorothy Henderson, Nursing Sister, Q.A.R.N.N.S.
    Helen Catherine Henry, Special Probationer Nursing Service
    Georgina Hester, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, University College Hospital
    Ruth Hewlett, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Margaret Agnes Hilhard, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Guy's Hospital
    Elizabeth Bridges Hill, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Norah Hill, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Gertrude Hind, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Ethel Madeline Gertrude Hirst, Nursing Sister, Q.A.R.N.N.S.
    Jennie Holford, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Olive Kathleen Holmes, Nursing Sister, British Red Cross Society
    Edith Hounslow, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Amy Howard, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Nursing Service, Canadian General Hospital, Orpington
    Edith Hudson, Nursing Member, Canadian Nursing Service
    Ethel Hutchings, Sister, Nursing Service
    Florance Hyndman, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Sir Patrick Dun's Hospital, Dublin
    Georgina Swinton Jacob, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Sybil Ada Catherine Jarvis, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, St. Bartholomew's Hospital
    Lilian Maud Jeans, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Charing Cross Hospital
    Dorothy Jobson, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Isobella Kate Jobson, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R., Australia
    Nora Johnson, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Sarah Persis Johnson, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps Nursing Service
    Mary Ann Jones, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Kate Elizabeth Jones, Matron, Kingston, Surbiton District Red Cross Hospital, New Maiden
    Nellie Ida Jordan, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Mabel Kaberry, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Alicia Mary Kelly, Sister, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Evelyn Stewart Killery, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Charlotte Grace Kirkpatrick, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Annie Knox, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Jean Knox, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Helen Lamb, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Anne Ardagh Langley, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Harriet Lascell, Matron, Kasr-el-Aine Hospital
    The Honourable Margaret Cecilia Lawley, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    The Honourable Ursula Mary Lawley, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Lorna Priscilla Leatham, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Annie Norrish Lee, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Mary Anderson Linton, Staff Nurse, Civil Hospital Reserve, London Hospital
    Constance Little, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Janet McFarlane Livingston, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Mary Frances Looney, Staff Nurse, New Zealand Army Medical Corps Nursing Service
    Daisy Lynch, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Leicester Royal County Hospital
    Edith Macarthy, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Ella Marie Louise MacFadden, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Nellie Mackenzie, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Annie Forguil Macleod, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Jean Mair, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Letitia Mary Manley, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Middlesex Hospital
    Louise Grace Mannell, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Marion S. Marshall, Nursing Sister, Q.A.R.N.N.S.R.
    Bertha Martin, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Elizabeth Martin, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Mary Barbara Martin, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Esther Chisholme Masterton, Staff Nurse, Civil Hospital Reserve, Glasgow Royal Infirmary
    Beatrice Matthews, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Margaret Ballantyre McBride, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Madeline McCarthy, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Marion McCormick, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Margaret McCort, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Mary Scott McDonald, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Susannah Josephine McGann, Staff Nurse, New Zealand Army Nursing Service
    Jessie McGillivray, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Mary S. McHugh, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Caroline Amelia McIlrath, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Florence McKellar, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Joan Davina Carstairs McPherson, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Margaret Meikle, Matron, Cadland Auxiliary Hospital, New Forest, Hampshire
    Ebba Wendell de Merrall, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Nursing Service, Canadian General Hospital, Taplow
    Mary Merrill, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Agnes Midgley, Matron, British Red Cross Society
    Janet Mitchell, Staff Nurse, T.F.N.S.
    Kate Mildred Moore, Matron, Headquarters, London
    Grace Morgan, Matron, Arrowe Hall Hospital, Woodchurch, near Birkenhead
    Gertrude Daisy Morris, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S. (retired)
    Martha Reid Morrison, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Helena Morrough, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Elizabeth Mosey, Sister, Australian Army Nursing Service
    Ellen Murray, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Anne Elizabeth Musson, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Amy Augusta Neville, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Dorothy Jane Louisa Newton, Sister, Army Auxiliary Nursing Service
    Elizabeth Scott Newton, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Leith General Hospital
    Eliza Jane Nicol, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Helena Nisbett, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Millicent Mary Nix, Nurse, The Princess Christian Hospital, Weymouth
    Adeline Annie Pallot, Nursing Sister, Nyasaland Nursing Service
    Janet Parry, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Violetta Chancha Paschah, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S. (retired)
    Marian Paterson, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, St. Bartholomew's
    Margaret Brand Paterson, Nursing Sister, Q.A.R.N.N.S.
    Mary Paul, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Edith Payne, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Geraldine Platt, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Sophie Eleanor Pollard, Lady Superintendent, Auxiliary Military Hospital, Thirsk
    Mary Pool, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Edith Mary Porter, Assistant Matron, T.F.N.S.
    Mary Potts, Acting Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Florence Catharine Puddicombe, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Elsie Evelyn Quilter, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Guy's Hospital
    Annie Mary Raine, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Katharine Rapson, Matron, St. George's Hill Auxiliary Hospital, Surrey
    Ethel Reade, Sister, South African Medical Nursing Service
    Anne Victoria Reay, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R., Australia
    Helena Kate Repton, Matron, British Red Cross Society
    Maud Reynolds-Knight, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Westminster Hospital
    Kate lanthe Richardson, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Guy's Hospital
    Sarah Jane Robley, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps, Nursing Service
    Amy Frances Rohde, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Mary Francis Ronaldson, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Nottingham General Hospital
    Mary Ellen Ruck, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Margaret Rudland, Sister, British Red Cross Society
    Dorothea Rudman, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Manchester Royal Infirmary
    Alice Mary Sampson, Acting Matron, T.F.N.S.
    Mabel Scholes, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Elizabeth Sear, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Margaret Ion Pierson,Special Probationers Nursing Service
    Jeanie Fitzpatrick (Nursing Services), Dublin
    Ethel L. Shute (Sister Ignatius), Matron, St. Andrew's Hospital, Dollis Hill, London
    Lilian Sidebotham, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Mary Simon, Matron, Wykeham Abbey Auxiliary Military Hospital, York
    Angela Ford Sister, Nursing Service
    Mary Skinner, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Dorothy Carmynow Sloggett, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Ann Smith, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Dora Shanklie Smith, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Ethel Smith, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Mabel Basden Smith, Nursing Sister, Q.A.R.N.N.S.
    Elizabeth Smith, Sister, Camberley Auxiliary Military Hospital
    Ethel Margaret Spicer, Acting Sister Civil Hospital Reserve, London Hospital
    Hilda Frances Starbuck, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Ethel Fowler Stephenson, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Ellenor Stevenson, Matron, Auxiliary Hospital, Henley-in-Arden, Warwick
    Mary Ramsay Stewart-Richardson, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Annie Maud Stirling, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Emma Jane Stokes, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Isabella Lyle Storar, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Aileen Yvonne Swann, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Dorothy Maud Sweet, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Matilda Goodall Tate, Staff Nurse, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Lavinia Taylor, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Sophie Isabel Thomson, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Jean Todd, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Constance Robina Townend, Assistant Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Lucy Mary Trumble, Staff Nurse, New Zealand Army Nursing Service
    Sadie Tyler, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Ethel Frances Upton, Nursing Sister, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Mabel Vivian, Matron, The Princess Christian Hospital, Weymouth
    Ellen Constance Wadling, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, St. Thomas's Hospital
    Agnes Walker, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Ann Wilson Wallace, Nursing Sister, South African Medical Nursing Service
    Dorothy Ward, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Phyllis Mary Waterland, Assistant Matron, British Red Cross Society
    Amy Waterman, Acting Sister, Civil Hospital Reserve, Middlesex Hospital
    Ethel Frances Watkins, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Agnes Colthart Watson, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Helena Hendrina Weise, Sister, South African Medical Nursing Service
    Jean Wells, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Gertrude Whitehurst, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Cicely Wicksteed, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Clarice Malvenie Williams, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Margaret Williams, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Edith Mary Williams, Matron, Red Cross Hospital, Brecon, South Wales
    Ida Grace Willis, Assistant Matron, New Zealand Army Nursing Service
    Annie Paterson Wilson, Acting Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Isabella Wilson, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S.R.
    Eleanor Miriam Woodhouse, Sister, T.F.N.S.
    Mary Gertrude Woodrow, Matron, Caenshill Auxiliary Hospital, Weybridge
    Elizabeth Ann Woodward, Sister, Q.A.I.M.N.S. (T)
    Violet Isobel Wotton, Voluntary Aid Detachment
    Elizabeth Young-Scott, Voluntary Aid Detachment

Awarded a Bar to the Royal Red Cross (RRC*)[edit]

    Ethel Hope Becher RRC Matron-in-Chief, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Sidney Jane Brown RRC Matron-in-Chief, T.F.N.S. (Retired, Q.A.I.M.N.S.)
    Jane Hoadley RRC Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Beatrice Isabel Jones RRC Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Emma Maud McCarthy RRC Matron-in-Chief, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Sarah Elizabeth Oram RRC Principal Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Annie Beadsmore Smith RRC Principal Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.
    Mary Wilson RRC Principal Matron, Q.A.I.M.N.S.

British Empire Medal (BEM)[edit]

The British Empire Medal for meritorious service
Civil Division[edit]

For services in connection with the War in which great courage or self-sacrifice has been displayed —

    Robert Adair. For courage in continuing to work his engine while molten metal was falling round him.
    Mary Adams. For courage in assisting others, at great personal risk, in a fire.
    Charles Alford. For courage in removing a large quantity of high explosives during a fire.[12]
    Arthur Ernest Allen. For courage in rescuing a fellow-worker at great personal risk.
    Arthur Joseph Allen. For courage and resource in assisting to extinguish a fire at an explosives factory at great personal risk.
    James Andrew. For courage in remaining at his work during a fire which resulted in a very serious explosion.
    John Andrewartha, Fitter, Devonport Dockyard. For courage on the occasion of the trials of a submarine.
    Edwin Bolwell Andrews. For courage in extinguishing a fire in chemical works under circumstances of grave personal danger.
    John Edward Andrews. For courage in keeping up steam immediately after an explosion when another explosion seemed imminent.
    Charles Armes, Cable Foreman, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    F. W. Assirati, Postman. Devotion to duty under specially difficult and dangerous circumstances.
    Jesse Attrill, Boatswain, For coolness and resource in averting a serious accident to one of H.M. Ships.
    Ethel Alice Auger. For courage and high example in remaining at her post on a tram, and thus preventing severe casualties to fellow-workers. In doing so she was severely injured.
    Sidney Aylward. For courage and resource in subduing a fire at imminent personal risk.
    George Badger. For courage and self-sacrifice in attempting to save life, in spite of severe personal injuries.
    George William Badsey. For courage in fighting, at very great personal risk, a fire caused by an explosion.
    John Baillie, Chargeman of Engine Fitter, Northern Base. For courage and perseverance in carrying out work involving much exposure and risk.
    George Baird. For courage in saving a child from drowning at the works and returning at once to his work.
    Daniel Ball. For courage in having several times effected temporary repairs to important plant in an explosives factory at considerable risk to his life.
    George Charles Bannister, For great courage in clearing a man-hole at great personal risk.
    John Thomas Barber, Carpenter, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Henry Barnard. For courage in fighting a fire at great personal risk while many bags of explosives were being removed.
    Thomas Henry Bashford, For great courage on two occasions, entering a tank to recover a fellow-workman who was gassed, and entering a tar still heater.
    Robert Baxter. For courage and resource in saving the life of a fellow-worker at great personal risk.
    Beatrice Oxley Beaufort. For courage and high example in continuing to do very dangerous experimental work in spite of injuries received in consequence.
    Fanny Elizabeth Beaumont, Sorting Clerk and Telegraphist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    John Finnis Beer, Cable Hand. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Thomas Bond Bellis. For courage and resource in assisting, at great personal risk, to extinguish a fire at an explosives factory.
    Samuel Hall Bennett. For courage in returning to work within an hour of breaking his thumb whilst at work at age 69.
    Myra Grace Bessent, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Sydney Rome Black, Assistant Draughtsman. For courage on the occasion of the trials of a submarine.
    James Elias Bloomfield. For courage in extricating living and dead from ruined buildings under circumstances of great danger.
    Emmanuel Bloxam, For great courage displayed on the occasion of a serious explosion, when he assisted in extinguishing a fire and saved the life of a fellow-worker at very great personal danger.
    Robert Leach Boal. For courage in keeping down a fire in an explosives factory.
    Edward Bond. For courage in closing a main valve on a steam boiler at great personal risk of scalding and suffocation.
    Francis Booker, Leading Man, Works Department, Portsmouth Dockyard, For perseverance in carrying out certain difficult works in the face of grave risks due to bad weather.
    John Booth. For courage in extinguishing a fire on two occasions at very great personal risk.
    Lilian Ada Bostock, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Arthur Bradbury. For courage in dealing with fires in an explosives factory and remaining at work in a poisonous atmosphere in order to ensure the safety of plant.
    George Arthur Bradbury. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire in an explosives factory at great personal risk.
    Martha Bramhall. For courage in remaining continuously afc a very dangerous task in spite of the occurrence of several explosions.
    J. H. Brelsford. For courage in assisting, though severely injured, to rescue fellow-workers and to extinguish a fire which resulted in a very serious explosion.
    Amelia Brisley. For courage and high example in cases of explosion in a factory.
    Emily Brooke, For great courage shown at an outbreak of fire in an explosives factory.
    Andrew Brown, For conspicuous courage in stopping a fire and giving the alarm, under circumstances of the gravest personal danger, after he had been injured by the explosion and rendered unconscious.
    Edwin Brown. For courage in extinguishing a fire after an explosion in which he lost the sight of an eye, and enabling 600 of his fellow-workers to get clear.
    Ethel Brown. For courage on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    Harry Brown. For courage in working continuously under circumstances of very great danger.
    Mary Brown. For courage and high example in getting work started again under circumstances of considerable danger.
    William Bryant. For courage in preventing further serious explosion in a filling factory, at very great personal risk.
    John Buckley. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    Margaret Winifred Burdett-Coutts. For courage in that, after losing a finger and badly lacerating her hand in a circular saw, she went away quietly to have it treated, in. order not to unnerve her fellow workers.
    Marion Burrell, Sorting Clerk and Telegraphist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    James Burton, For great courage in rescuing workers from burning explosives shops, at great personal risk.
    Louisa Busby. For courage in returning to work after an accident resulting in loss of right hand and other injuries.
    Edith Butler. For courage, resource, and high example. Has saved the lives of at least two workers, and has displayed exceptional skill and courage in several serious accidents.
    Gertrude Elizabeth Butler. For courage and high example in continuing at her work during a fire, under circumstances of great danger.
    George Patrick Campbell, Carpenter, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships and small craft, in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Richard Cardo. For courage and resource shown on several occasions under circumstances of great personal danger.
    Louisa Margaret Carlton, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids and bombardment from the sea.
    Samuel Carter. For courage and resource in saving the life of a chemist and three workers who were overcome by fumes in an explosives factory.
    Florence Marie Cass, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty while in charge of a telephone exchange during a serious explosion at a neighbouring munition works.
    Sydney Chambers, For great courage in rescuing workers from burning explosives shops at great personal risk.
    William Frank Chorley. For courage in removing a large quantity of high explosives during a fire.
    Annie Clarke. For courage in keeping workers together under circumstances of great danger.
    Mabel Eleanor Clarke, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Alexander Clelland. For courage and resource under circumstances of great danger.
    Gertrude Coles. For courage in returning to work after her hand had been mutilated by an explosion.
    John Oorder. For courage in fighting a fire caused by an explosion, at very great personal risk.
    Alexander Cornelius. For courage in having, on two occasions, saved a large amount of raw material in an explosives factory at the risk of his life.
    Thomas Cosby, Fitter, Devonport Dockyard. For courage on the occasion of the trials of a new submarine.
    Herbert Luigi Costa. For courage in continuing to work under circumstances of great danger.
    Mabel Rosa Cox, Chargewoman, Royal Naval Cordite Factory, For devotion to duty and great presence of mind in averting an explosion when in charge of a guncotton press.
    May Victoria Croucher. For courage and high example on the occasion of a fire at an explosives factory.
    Thomas Crutchley. For courage in entering a gas main and saving the lives of two workers who were gassed, at very great personal risk.
    Sophia Cunningham. For courage and high example in continuing her duties immediately after a severe explosion.
    John Cuskearn. For courage in making a determined attempt to recover a valuable instrument from the cooling pond, in consequence of which he contracted blood poisoning and nearly died.
    Lucie Jane Dartnell, Sorting Clerk and Telegraphist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    James Davidson, Bricklayer's Labourer. For courage in rescuing a fellow-workman who had been overcome by gas inside a gas apparatus.
    Ben Davies. For courage and high example in remaining at work for an hour after being painfully burnt on his hands, face and neck, and returning to duty for another five hours immediately after treatment.
    James Henry Davies, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Showed habitual courage in carrying out repairs to submarine cables in difficult and dangerous waters.
    Robert John Davies, Electrical Fitter, Devonport Dockyard. For courage and self-sacrifice on the occasion of an explosion on a submarine boat, on which he was at work.
    Violet Annie Davies. For courage in remaining at her post at the telephone during a severe explosion. Age 15.
    William Dixon. For courage in rescuing a fellow-worker at great personal risk.
    Joseph Doran. For courage and resource in preventing a fire in an explosives factory, under exceptionally dangerous circumstances.
    James Downie, Engine Fitter. For courage and prompt action in helping to extinguish fires which had broken out in the stokeholds of two patrol vessels fitting out.
    John Duff. For courage in preventing a serious explosion under circumstances of great danger.
    James Duffy. For courage in attempting to stop a fire in an explosives factory under exceptionally dangerous circumstances.
    Peter Dunbabin. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    Lucien Duncombe. For courage in removing a large quantity of high explosives during a fire.
    Albun Dunn. For courage in saving the life of a fellow worker after an explosion, and giving the alarm, although himself injured by an explosion.
    Bertha Annie Florence Easter, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Nicholas Edghill. For courage in helping to subdue fire at great personal risk.
    Mabel Ann Edwards. For courage and high example on the occasion of a fire at an explosives factory.
    Nora Egan, For great courage shown at an outbreak of fire in an explosives factory.
    Henry Etheridge, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Frank Cyril Evans, For self-sacrifice in continuing to work, though blind in one eye and the other affected, caused by an accident at work, and in spite of constant pain.
    Fred Evans. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    James Evans. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    May Evans. For courage in assisting to stop a fire in an explosives factory at considerable danger to her life.
    Francis Fagan, Special Constable, For rescuing a drowning man from Holyhead Harbour in circumstances of difficulty and danger.
    Alfred William James Fautley. For courage and resource in stopping a fire in highly inflammable material, at the risk of his life and at the cost of severe injuries.
    Rosa Frances Finbow. For courage in returning to work after serious injury to her face through an explosion.
    Jane Fisher. For courage in assisting to stop a fire in an explosives factory at considerable danger to her life.
    Maude Fisher, For great courage shown at an outbreak of fire in an explosives factory.
    Michael Fitzpatrick. For courage in attempting to save part of an explosives factory at great risk of his life.
    Bertha Flintoff, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during an air-raid.
    James Harold Foster. For courage in helping to extinguish a fire at cost of serious injuries to himself.
    Bernard John Francis. For courage and resource in saving the life of a fellow worker.
    Frank Charles Frazer. For courage in preventing an explosion in a filling factory at great personal risk, though partly blinded and suffering considerable pain from explosion.
    William Gilchrist, For self-sacrifice and high example in persisting in work which is often dangerous, though suffering from an incurable disease and often suffering great pain.
    Margaret Annie Louise Godfrey, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during an air-raid.
    Robert William Godfrey, Diver, Admiralty Salvage Section. For courage and devotion to duty in Gallipoli, diving on many occasions when the beaches were being shelled.
    William Gommersall, For several acts of great courage and self-sacrifice.
    Edna Goodenough, For continuing to work after suffering serious injuries through an explosion, resulting in loss of right eye.
    James Gosling. For courage in removing a large quantity of high explosives during a fire.
    James Grainger. For courage in having, on two occasions, continued at his work in an explosives factory under circumstances of great danger, thereby stopping further damage.
    Frank Wallis Green. For courage and resource in subduing a fire at imminent personal risk.
    John Green. For courage and self-sacrifice in dealing with acid and poisonous fumes.
    Thomas Edwin Ernest Griffiths. For courage in removing a large quantity of high explosives during a fire.
    Frederick Thomas Grigsby. For courage and high example in continuing at his duty during a series of severe explosions.
    Frederick Edward Hall. For courage in carrying out very dangerous experiments in a highly-poisonous atmosphere.
    James Hamilton. For courage and resource in preventing a fire in an explosives factory under exceptionally dangerous circumstances.
    Alice Hanson, For great courage shown at an outbreak of fire in an explosives factory.
    James Harley, Assistant Foreman Ironworker. For courage in entering a confined space in a vessel, which was full of noxious fumes, and plugging holes in the structure.
    Elsie Lilian Harman, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    John David Harris
    Doris Hirst, Telephonist. For courage in fighting a fire caused by an explosion, at very great personal risk.
    Mary Hartley. For courage and high example: in remaining at her engine and controlling it after having been badly wounded by breakage, of the governor and returning to her work a week later.
    Thomas Havery, Chancery Servant at the British Embassy, Petrograd. Courageous conduct in the discharge of has duties during the revolutionary disturbances in March 1917.
    E. James Hawkins. For courage in preventing an explosion and fire at great personal risk.
    William Henry Hayden, For great courage at very great personal risk on the occasion of several fires in a filling factory.
    Ethel Head. For courage and high example in rescuing fellow workers after an explosion.
    Alice Ann Healey, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    William Heather, Cable Foreman, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    William Hemmingsley. For courage and resource in saving the life of a fellow worker.
    Harry Hepworth, For great courage shown at an outbreak of fire in an explosion factory.
    Gladys Elizabeth Herrington. For courage in volunteering to undertake dangerous work after a fatal accident.
    Amos Freke Hesman. For courage in preventing an explosion and fire, at great personal risk.
    William Hewitt. For courage in saving the life of a fellow worker, who was overcome by poisonous fumes, at great personal risk.
    Ethel Nora Elizabeth Hickey, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids and on the occasion of a fire.
    Thomas Hickey, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Has displayed great courage while carrying out telegraph work under dangerous conditions.
    William Charles Hicks, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Has rendered valuable service since the beginning of the war. Has remained at his post absolutely alone day and night, in spite of danger from submarine or other attacks.
    Alfred Higgs. For courage and resource in saving the lives of two of his fellow workers, at great personal risk.
    Frederick Higham, Special Constable. Swam to an airship which had fallen into a river and assisted two of the crew to reach the bank.
    Edward Hill, Steel Smelter. For courage and endurance on many occasions. Remained at her post until relieved, on the occasion of a very serious explosion at munition works, notwithstanding the fact that the explosions were almost, continuous, and that the police advised the officers on duty to leave the building.
    George William Hobbs, Boatswain, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Thomas William Hobbs, Chargeman of Engine Fitters, Devonport Dockyard. For courage on the occasion of the trials of a new submarine.
    Frank Hodgkinson. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire in an explosives factory, at great personal risk.
    George Hogan. For courage and resource in subduing a fire, at imminent personal risk.
    Victoria Irene Holdsworth. For courage and resource in preventing serious injuries to a fellow worker.
    Annie Holly. For courage in continuing at work, though suffering from severe injuries to eye, caused by an explosion.
    Janet Holmes. For courage and resource on the occasion of an explosion in a filling factory.
    Mrs Holttum. For courage in assisting to save the lives of fellow workers during a fire which resulted in a serious explosion, though sustaining severe injuries herself.
    G. Hulley. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire, which resulted in a very serious explosion.
    William Hulme. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire in an explosives factory, at great personal risk.
    Mabel Hunt, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during an air raid.
    Walter William Hunt. For courage in saving the life of a fellow worker.
    William Hunt. For courage and resource on two occasions in preventing serious fires. Age 66.
    Frederick Innes, For high courage and resource in closing the outlet valve of a collapsed gas-holder, in which the gas was alight.
    Horace Ivin, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Has done valuable service under dangerous conditions, repairing submarine cables carrying naval and military wires.
    Florence Jackson. For courage displayed during a time of great danger in a filling factory.
    William Jackson. For courage and resource in saving the life of a fellow worker at very great risk to himself.
    Herbert Janes. For courage in returning to work immediately after his hand had been dressed on account of his losing three fingers in a shearing machine.
    Jack Lane Jeffery. For courage connected with production and testing of exceptionally dangerous materials.
    Charles William Johnson. For courage and resource shown on several occasions under circumstances of great personal danger.
    Charles William James Johnson. For courage in carrying out repairs to plant in explosives factory in the presence of dangerous gases.
    Ellen Johnson, Sorting Clerk and Telegraphist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Alfred Frank Jones, For great courage and high example shown on the occasion of a severe ex-plosion in an explosives factory.
    John Richard Jones. For courage and resource in assisting to extinguish a fire at an explosives factory at great personal risk.
    Maurice Jones, Inspector, Engineering Department, General Post Office. Has carried out two very dangerous missions, successfully passing through hostile lines at great personal risk.
    Robert Jones. For courage and resource in assisting to extinguish a fire at a filling factory, at imminent risk of serious explosion.
    Thomas Jones. For courage and high example in doing hard work for long hours in spite of his age (79 years).
    George Henry Jordan. For courage in fighting a fire caused by an explosion, at very great personal risk.
    John Kane. For courage in saving the lives of several fellow-workers who were buried in the lining of a furnace which they were repairing.
    W. A. Keeling. For courage in remaining at his work during a fire which resulted in a very serious explosion.
    Mary Keenan. For courage and high example on the work after sustaining severe injury to face and eyes, on account of an explosion.
    Mary Kiaer. For courage and high example on the occasion of a fire at a filling factory.
    Herbert John King. For courage in extinguishing a fire in an explosives factory at very great risk to his life.
    Rosa Kate Kipling. For courage in returning to her work after seven and a half months serious illness and several operations caused by an explosion.
    James Kirby, Ship Fitter, Portsmouth Dockyard, For self-sacrifice in helping to extricate an injured fellow-workman from a place of danger, though he himself was dangerously injured.
    Walter Reginald Knight. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire in an explosives factory and removing explosives from the burning building.
    John Knox. For courage in saving the lives of several fellow-workers who were buried in the lining of a furnace which they were repairing.
    Robert Lake, Fitter and Outside Erector. For courage on board a submarine in dangerous circumstances.
    Patrick Lambe, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Rendered very valuable service in picking up and repairing wires which had been shotdown.
    Charles Henry Lambert, Master Mariner, Examination Service and Rescue Tugs, Dover Dockyard. For courage and skill displayed in towing cargo and other ships out of a minefield after they had been mined.
    Albert Frederick Lane. For courage and high example on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    Philip C. Langridge, Inspector, Engineering Department, General Post Office. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Michael Lavelle. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    Ada Mary Laws, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to-duty during air-raids.
    Ethel Mary Leeds, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during, air-raids.
    Mabel Lethbridge. For courage and high example shown on the occasion of an accident in a filling factory, causing loss of one leg and severe injuries to the other.
    John James Lewes, Skilled Labourer, Works Department, Portsmouth Dockyard, For great skill and daring in the performance of difficult and dangerous work in connection with certain works at Portsmouth.
    Frederick John Lewis, Leading Man (Diver), Chatham Dockyard. For courage, skill and resource exhibited in a marked degree.
    Alfred Leyland. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying, out dangerous experiments.
    Albert Lickess, For great courage and high example shown in dealing with a fire at an explosives factory under circumstances of very exceptional danger.
    Arthur Lipscombe. For courage in stopping a fire in a powder factory under circumstances of exceptional danger to his life.
    Robert Andrew Lockwood, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Has done exceptional service during rough weather in effecting repairs to submarine cables carrying naval and military wires.
    Tom Oliver Lodder, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Showed great courage and devotion while in charge of a telegraph station, carrying out his duties under fire.
    Albert James Lowe. For courage in removing a large quantity of high explosives during a fire.
    Alice Ludlow. For courage and high example on the occasion of an explosion and prompt return to work.
    William Me Alpine. For courage and self-sacrifice in returning to work after losing, three fingers of right , hand owing to an accident and before the wounds were properly healed.
    Agnes McCann. For courage and resource in saving the life of a fellow-worker entangled in dangerously running machinery, at great risk to her life.
    James McDonald. For courage in attempting to save the life of a fellow-worker who was gassed in a gas main by entering it at very great personal risk.
    James McDonald, Ironwork Erector. For courage in the rescue of fellow workmen who were overcome by gas.
    George McDougall. For courage in saving the lives of several fellow-workers who were buried in the lining of a furnace which they were repairing.
    Edward McFarlane. For courage in saving the lives of two of his fellow-workers by entering an ash receiver full of monoxide gas.
    James McGhie, Under Foreman Joiner, For bravery at the cost of serious personal injury in saving a half-blind labourer from being run over by a locomotive.
    Michael McGrath. For courage in ascending a furnace under conditions so dangerous that all others had refused to do so.
    May Louise Mclntyre. For courage and high example on the occasion of an accident at a filling factory.
    John McMaddocks, For great courage on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory. He brought the drenchers into action, and used his own body to prevent draught fanning the flames in stoves. Male, Albert Herbert. For courage on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    Daisy Marsh. For courage and resource in utilising emergency fire appliances on the occasion of an explosion at an explosives factory.
    Thomas Martin. For courage displayed on two occasions in dealing with an explosion and a fire at works producing highly inflammable liquids under circumstances of exceptional danger.
    Mollie Josephine Mason, Munition Worker, Chatham Dockyard. For courage and presence of mind in averting panic among women workers who were occupants of an overturned railway carriage.
    Robert Massey. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    John Master. For courage in preventing an explosion and fire at great personal risk.
    Edith Blanche Maw, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    William Alfred Mayall. For courage and high example on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    Edward Medine. For courage in saving the lives of several fellow workers who, were buried in the lining of a furnace which they were repairing.
    Walter Mee. For courage and resource in dealing with a fire at the cost of bodily injury.
    James Menzies. For courage and high example on the occasion of a serious explosion.
    William Meredith. For courage in saving the life of a fellow workman who had been rendered unconscious by foul gas.
    Annie Dyer Merralls, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Robert Miller. For courage in saving the life of a fellow worker who was overcome by poisonous fumes, at great personal risk.
    Rose Mills. For courage displayed on the occasion of an explosion, at great personal risk.
    G. Mitchell. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire which resulted in a very serious explosion.
    George Edgar Mitchell. For courage and high, example on several occasions of explosion and fire in a shell filling; factory.
    John Joseph Christopher Monks, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. On many occasions continued his work under fire, displaying great zeal and courage
    Margaret Moody, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    David George Morgan. For courage and high example in picking up and drowning a shell which had become accidentally ignited.
    William Morgan. For courage and resource in assisting to extinguish a fire at a filling factory, at imminent risk of serious explosion.
    Nora Morphet. For courage and high example in continuously working long hours in a poisonous atmosphere which habitually affected her health.
    Frederick Thomas Morris. For courage on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    Maggie Mulholland. For courage and very high example in her behaviour when in charge of a canteen adjoining a store of explosives which was on fire.
    George Myers. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    Abraham Naar, Sorter. Devotion to duty under specially difficult and dangerous circumstances.
    Thomas Nadin, Engineer of Yard Craft, Sheexness Dockyard. For courage, self-sacrifice and exceptional skill in the salvage of a merchant ship in a minefield.
    Arthur John Neal. For courage in a serious accident due to bursting of crucible of melted metal. Though, severely injured; he kept the others calm and had them attended to first, though they were in less danger.
    Joan Nelson. For courage in continuing to work in an explosives factory, under circumstances of grave danger.
    George William Newson. For courage in fighting a fire caused by an explosion, at very great personal risk.
    Violet Newton. For courage in returning to work after a serious accident in which two workers were killed, and she was severely injured.
    G. R. Norris. For courage in remaining at his wort during a fire which resulted in a very serious explosion, from which he suffered bodily injuries.
    James Joseph O'Callaghan. For courage in extinguishing a fire on the wooden roof of part of a filling factory, under exceptionally dangerous circumstances. O'Keefe, Percy. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire in an explosives factory, and removing explosives from the turning building.
    Edward Henry Lewis Owen, Cable Hand, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Roland Basset Paine. For courage displayed on the occasion of a severe accident resulting in serious mutilation of his hand. He insisted on returning to his dangerous occupation as soon as bandages were removed.
    Nellie Ena Ann Palmer, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Charles Parker, Skilled Labourer, Devonport Dockyard, For self-sacrifice and distinguished conduct whilst engaged on salvage operations.
    William Parker. For courage (1) in helping to extinguish a fire in tar works contiguous to filling factory at great personal risk; (2) in attempting to rescue a surveyor and workman gassed in a sewer, at great risk to his life.
    George Parkinson. For courage and resource in preventing a serious explosion at an explosives factory.
    Frederick Payne. For courage in dealing with a fire caused by an explosion, under exceptionally dangerous circumstances.
    Agnes Pearson, Telephonist. On the occasion of a very serious explosion at munition works she remained at her post until relieved, notwithstanding the fact that the explosions were almost continuous and that the police advised the officers on duty to leave the building.
    Georgina Peeters. For courage and resource in saving the life of a fellow-worker by stopping a machine at great risk to herself.
    Wilfred Edward Pendray. For courage in recovering the plug of a cock under circumstances of grave.danger.
    Mary Pendreigh. For courage and high example on the occasion of an accident at a filling factory.
    Frederick William Pepper, For great courage in rescuing workers from burning explosives shops at great personal risk.
    Robert Charles Percy, Acting Inspector of Shipwrights (formerly Chargeman), Northern Base, For devotion to duty in effecting repairs under dangerous conditions.
    Agnes Mary Peters, For great courage and high example in continuing to do work of an exceptionally dangerous nature, which finally resulted in an accident, by which she was totally blinded and otherwise injured.
    Daniel Plume. For courage shown on the occasion of an explosion and at several minor fires, at great personal risk.
    Walter Plummer, Skilled Labourer, Portsmouth Dockyard. For courage and perseverance in the performance of his duties during an explosion.
    Walter Poll. For courage and high example in dealing with a serious fire at a gas works.
    John Thomas Poole, Master of Yard Craft, Chatham Dockyard, For perseverance and conspicuous skill under conditions of extreme difficulty and danger.
    Henry William John Porter, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Showed courage and devotion to duty during repeated air-raids. On one occasion he set to work on the restoration of naval circuits while explosions were taking place fifty yards away.
    Ellen Lenora Potter. For courage and resource in extinguishing a fire, at great personal risk.
    James Pound, For self-sacrifice in working long hours in a highly poisonous atmosphere, where he was several times burnt by acid, and at times almost overcome by fumes.
    Harry Price. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    William Henry Price. For courage in attempting to stop a fire in an explosives factory under exceptionally dangerous circumstances. He lost four fingers and practically the use of both hands, while his face was permanently disfigured.
    William Thomas Pugh. For courage on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    Florence Pullen. For courage in continuing to work in spite of serious suffering from an accident caused by an explosion.
    Ethel Mary Pullinger, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air-raids.
    Richard Hayward Purser. For courage and self-sacrifice in working long hours in spite of severe physical disabilities brought about by hardships incurred in the retreat from Mons.
    Robert Rae, Coastwatcher, Machrihanish, Kintyre, For rendering valuable assistance to one of H.M. Ships under conditions of great difficulty.
    William H. Rawlin. For courage and high example in saving workers and maintaining order on the occasion of an explosion in a filling factory.
    William Dennis Eeardon, Sorter. Devotion to duty under specially difficult and dangerous circumstances.
    Albert Edward Reeves. For courage in recovering the plug of a cock under circumstances of grave danger.
    Donald Renfrew, Chief Draughtsman, Kelvin, Bottomley & Baird, Ltd. For courage on the occasion of the trials of a submarine.
    Robert Roberts. For courage in saving the life of a fellow worker at a fire in an explosives factory, under exceptionally dangerous circumstances.
    George Robinson. For courage and self-sacrifice in carrying out dangerous experiments.
    Maggie Rock. For courage and high example on the occasion of an accident at a filling factory.
    Charles William Beaver Roll. For courage in attempting to rescue his foreman, by entering an ash receiver full of carbon monoxide gas.
    James Gordon Ross, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Displayed courage and resource in maintaining telephonic communication during, an air-raid.
    Alfred Rudge. For courage in extinguishing a fire in an explosives factory at very great risk to his life.
    Thomas William Rudge, Millwright. For courage and coolness whilst engaged on dangerous work.
    John Ryan, Mate of Yard draft, Haulbowline Dockyard, For his splendid example of pluck and discipline during, salvage operations.
    Thomas Ryan. For courage in removing a large quantity of higih explosives during a fire.
    Alfred Salenger. For courage and self-sacrifice in volunteering for work on dangerous experiments, in the course of which he lost four fingers.
    John Frederick Sams. For courage and high example in remaining at his post on a tram, and thus preventing severe casualties to fellow-workers. In doing so he was severely injured.
    Richard Sanders, Engine Fitter, Devonport Dockyard. For courage on the occasion of the trials of a new submarine.
    William Saunders. For courage in attempting to save the lives of workers who were gassed in a gas main, at very great personal risk.
    Edward Scott. For courage in averting a serious accident in a mill, at grave risk to his own life. His arm was badly crushed, and has since had to be amputated.
    Percy Sears. For courage and his example in preventing a fire in an explosives factory, at grave risk to his life.
    Charlie Shaw. For courage and resource in dealing with a fire at an explosives factory, at great personal risk.
    Leonard Short, Engine Fitter, Portsmouth Dockyard. For courage and self-sacrifice during salvage operations.
    Lawrence Simpson. For courage in extinguishing a fire on two occasions, at very great personal risk.
    Sydney Simpson, Skilled Workman, General Post Office. Showed great courage as well as resource on the occasion of a very severe explosion at adjoining munition works. He sent away to a safe place the women operators, and himself maintained uninterrupted telephonic communication.
    William Sinclair. For courage in rescuing a driver who was underneath a railway engine which had begun to move.
    Harry Skinner. For courage and resource (1) in extinguishing a fire in a filling factory at imminent risk of serious explosion, (2) in rescuing two fellow-workers gassed in a sewer, at very great personal risk.
    Laurence Skinner. For courage in attempting to stop a fire in an explosives factory under exceptionally dangerous circumstances.
    Frank Slater, For great courage shown during a fire in an explosives factory.
    Minnie Sleeford, Assistant Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    Beatrice Evelyn Smith. For courage in returning to her post at the risk of her life in order to avert danger to the works.
    Francis Emily Esther Smith, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    John Smith. For courage in assisting to extinguish a fire in an explosives factory at great personal risk.
    Thomas William Fletcher Smith, Tug Master, Dover Dockyard. For courage, initiative and perseverance on salvage operations.
    James Snape. For courage and high example in quelling fires during an explosion at great personal risk.
    William Snead. For courage in entering a gas main and saving the lives of two workers who were gassed, at very great personal risk.
    Sidney Charles Soley. For courage and resource in dealing with a hand grenade about to explode, whereby he saved several lives.
    Hannah Spash. For courage and high example in continuing her work in a filling factory, after having been on three separate occasions injured by explosions.
    Edward Spencer. For courage and high example in continuing at work in an explosives factory under circumstances of grave danger.
    Sidney Arthur Stammers, Cable Hand, General Post Office. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Lily Stanyon. For courage and resource in saving the life of a crane driver at considerable risk to herself.
    Edith Steed. For courage and high example in volunteering immediately after a fatal accident to undertake the more dangerous work in the department concerned.
    Florence Eliza Steggel, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    Fanny Eleanor Steward, Assistant Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    John Stewart. For courage in remaining at work and seeing his job through after being severely shaken by an explosion at an explosives factory.
    George William Stocks, Leading Cable Hand. Employed on cable ships and small craft in connection with war work in dangerous waters.
    Walter Stokes. For courage in attempting to save the lives of two workers who were gassed in a gas main by entering it at very great personal risk.
    William Leverington Stokes. For courage in volunteering to extinguish a fire at cost of serious injuries.
    George Robert Stone, Master of Yard Craft, Sheerness Dockyard. For courage, self-sacrifice and exception, all in skill in the salvage of a merchant ship in a minefield.
    Maggie Storey. For courage and high example in extinguishing a dangerous fire at an explosives factory under exceptionally risky circumstances.
    Ernest Stubley. For courage in remaining at his post in circumstances of considerable danger in order to safeguard the works.
    Robert Studbohne. For courage and resource in preventing a serious explosion at an explosives factory.
    Gilbert George Sutcliffe, Inspector, Engineering Department, General Post Office. Rendered valuable service in the construction and maintenance of telephones under fire.
    Herbert Sykes. For courage in testing aircraft in spite of severe accidents.
    Walter William James Symons, Shipwright Apprentice. For courage and presence of mind in the rescue of a fellow-workman from drowning.
    Samuel William Tabb, Acting Mate of Yard Craft, Devonport Dockyard. For courage and skill in handling his tug in assisting to rescue a torpedoed merchant ship from a dangerous position in heavy weather.
    Joseph Edward Talbot. For courage in continuing to work in a poisonous atmosphere, even though suffering seriously from effects.
    Alfred Tansom, Chargeman of Baggers, Portsmouth Dockyard. For courage and coolness in urgent salvage operations.
    Frederick Francis Taylor. For courage in fighting a fire at great personal risk while many bags of explosives were being removed.
    George Terry. For courage in working continuously under circumstances of very great danger.
    Charles William Thome, Engineer, For perseverance and devotion to duty in trying circumstances, often attended by considerable danger.
    Samuel George Thorneycroft. For courage on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    Thomas Tickner. For courage and resource in dealing with an outbreak of fire at a filling factory.
    William John Tidey. For courage in fighting a fire, caused by an explosion, at very great personal risk.
    Joseph Henry Trask, Special Constable. For courage in rescuing injured men from a burning and collapsed building at great personal risk.
    Walter Trebble, Skilled Labourer, Works Department, Portsmouth Dockyard, For great skill and daring in the performance of difficult and dangerous work in connection with certain works at Portsmouth.
    William Trotman, Engine Fitter, Devonport Dockyard. For courage on the occasion of the trials of a new submarine.
    Ella Trout, While fishing, accompanied only by a boy of ten, she saw that a steamer had been torpedoed and was sinking. Though fully realising the danger she ran from enemy submarines, she pulled rapidly to the wreck and succeeded in rescuing a drowning sailor.
    Alfred Clifford George Valentine. For courage and resource in dealing with a shell in which the top ring of the fuse had fired.
    E. Vass. For courage in stopping a fire in an explosives factory at grave risk to his life.
    Edith Emily Venus, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    Robert George Vicary. For courage displayed on the occasion of an explosion. He continued to work, though permanently injured by the accident.
    Mary Walker. For courage in continuing to work in an explosives factory under circumstances of grave danger.
    Ernest Wall, For two acts: of courage and self-sacrifice in clearing a choked acid main, and on the occasion of a fire in an explosives factory.
    John M. Wallace, Electrical Fitter. For courage, initiative and devotion to duty in trying circumstances.
    Lilian Blanche Wallace. For courage displayed during a time of great danger in a filling factory.
    Amelia Jane Ward, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids and bombardments from the sea.
    Daniel Vincent Ward, Inspector, Engineering Department, General Post Office. Displayed courage and resource while Controlling Officer in a neighbourhood exposed to many bombardments by sea-craft and aeroplanes.
    George Frederick Ward. For courage in shutting off outlet master valve of a gasholder during a fire caused by explosion, at serious personal risk.
    Nellie Ward, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    Frances Mary Watson. For courage on the occasion of a serious explosion and assisting a fellow-worker to escape at great personal danger.
    Frank Watson. For courage in removing a large quantity of high explosives during a fire.
    John Watson. For courage in attempting to rescue his foreman by entering an ash receiver full of carbon monoxide gas.
    Ada Watt. For courage in continuing to work in an explosives factory under circumstances of grave danger.
    Arthur Webber. For courage and resource in giving valuable assistance on the occasion of an explosion at an explosives factory.
    Dorothy Kate West, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    George Whatton. For courage and resource in subduing a fire at imminent personal risk.
    Dorothy Florence Whibley, Telephonist. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during an air raid.
    Robert Leonard White. For courage in remaining at his work after being very seriously injured.
    Mary Agnes Wilkinson, Telephonist. Rendered invaluable service at a telephone exchange on the occasion of a fire and serious explosion at a munition works close by, proceeding to her post through the danger zone at grave personal risk.
    William Williams. For courage and resource in extinguishing a fire under circumstances of exceptional danger.
    James Winter, Inspector, Engineering Department, General Post Office. Rendered special services in repairing wires under very dangerous conditions and was frequently under fire.
    Gertrude Wood, Supervisor, Telephones. Displayed great courage and devotion to duty during air raids.
    Alfred Charles Wright, For great courage in rescuing workers from burning explosives shops at great personal risk.
    William Wyatt, Skilled Labourer (Stoker), Sheerness Dockyard, For his self-sacrifice and devotion to duty in a time of danger.
    James Youll. For courage in saving the life of a fellow workman who had been rendered unconscious by foul gas.
    Alfred Charles Wright Young. For great courage in rescuing workers from burning explosives shops at great personal risk.

Distinguished Service Order (DSO)[edit]

Riband and Badge of the Distinguished Service Order

    Vice-Admiral Evelyn Robert le Marchant
    Rear-Admiral Reginald Arthur Allenby MVO
    Rear-Admiral Cyril Everard Tower
    Rear-Admiral Herbert Arthur Stevenson Fyler CB
    Wing Commander Peregrine Forbes Morant Fellowes RN
    Engr. Commander Mark Rundle RN
    Staff Paymaster Hugh Miller RN
    Staff Surgeon Henry Cooper BA RN
    Lieutenant-Commander Charles Mahon Redhead RD Royal Naval Reserve
    Flight Commander Alexander MacDonald Shook DSC Royal Naval Air Service
    Major Henry Shafto Adair, Cheshire Regiment
    Major Henry Rainier Adams, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Colonel John Ainsworth CMG Royal Artillery Forces
    Rev. Michael Adler, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Nigel Woodford Aitken MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William Philip Jopp Akerman MC Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Edmund Alderson MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Percy Stuart Allan, Gordon Highlanders
    Captain Stanley Guy Allden, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis Arthur Allen, Army Service Corps
    Major Henry Irving Rodney Allfrey MC Somerset Light Infantry
    Captain Arthur Emilius David Anderson MC King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Major Charles Abbot Anderson, Manchester Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil Ford Anderson, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain John Anderson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Walter Alexander Armitage, York & Lancaster Regiment, and Machine Gun Corps
    Major Bening Mourant Arnold, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Francis Anson Arnold-Foster, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Kenneth Hugh Lowden Arnott MC East Lancashire Regiment
    Major James Arnold Arrowsmith-Brown, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Sydney William Louis Aschwanden, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Frederic St. John Atkinson, Horse, Indian Army
    Captain Henry Lancelot Aubrey-Fletcher MVO Grenadier Guards
    Captain Eric William Fane Aylwin-Foster, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Stafford Charles Babington, Royal Engineers
    Major Edward Alec Horsman Bailey, Royal Field Artillery
    Rev. Charles Frederick Baines MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Sir Randolf Littlehales Baker Bt Yeomanry
    Temp Major Robert Cecil Bamford, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Kenneth Barge MC Cavalry, Indian Army
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederic Edward Lloyd Barker, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Archibald Stonham Barnwell, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Robert McGowan Barrington-Ward MC General List
    Lieutenant-Colonel Netterville Guy Barron, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Harold Percy Waller Barrow CMG Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major Alfred James Napier Bartlett, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Major John Channon Bassett, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Harold Henry Bateman MC Royal Engineers
    Captain Austin Graves Bates MC Royal Field Artillery
    Major Cecil Robert Bates MC Royal Field Artillery
    Major Lancelot Richmond Beadon, Army Service Corps
    Major Robert Longfield Beasley, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Captain Lancelot Edward Becher, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Thomas Clifford Beckett, North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Major Charles Thomas Cook Beecroft, Army Service Corps
    Captain Hugh Maurice Bellamy MC Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Major Robert Benzie, South Wales Borderers
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Julian Falvey Beyts, Durham Light Infantry
    Major Harold Francis Bidder, Royal Sussex Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major George Travers Biggs, Royal Engineers
    Captain David Anderson Bingham, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Harry Colvin Birch, Royal Artillery
    Rev. Richard Bird, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Benedict Birkbeck MC Coldstream Guards
    Captain Norman Pellew Birley MC South Staffordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Birtwistle CMG Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Charles Gamble Bishop, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Harry William Blackburne MC MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Frederick St. John Blacker, Rifle Brigade
    2nd Lieutenant Richard Graham Blomfield, Guards, and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Richard Blore, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major George Percy Cosmo Blount, Royal Artillery
    Major Andrew George Board, South Wales Borderers and Royal Flying Corps
    Major Edward Leslie Bond, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Henry Borthwick, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Malcolm Berwick, Dragoons
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Francis Wilford Boteler, Royal Artillery
    Major Raymond Walter Harry Bourchier, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major Aubrey Henry Bowden, Machine Gun Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Lionel Boyd Boyd-Moss CMG South Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain Charles Roger Cavendish Boyle, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Captain Francis Lyndon Bradish, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Frederick Hoysted Bradley MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Samuel Glenholme Lennox Bradley MC London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Albert Newby Braithwaite MC General List
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Powell Braithwaite MC Royal Engineers
    Captain Douglas Stephenson Branson MC York & Lancaster Regiment
    Captain Charles Stuart Brebner MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Geoffrey Sydney Brewis, Welsh Regiment
    Major The Honourable Henry George Orlando Bridgeman MC Royal Artillery
    Captain Havard Noel Bridgwater, Norfolk Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar William Brighton CMG Bedfordshire Regiment
    Temp Major Francis Edward Briscoe, Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Major Dyson Brock-Williams, Welsh Regiment
    Major Nevile Pattullo Brooke, Leinster Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Brown, Norton Regiment
    Temp Major George Edward Allenby Browne MC Liverpool Regiment
    Captain Hugh Swinton Browne, Royal Field Artillery
    Company Charles William Brownlow, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William Fox Bruce MC Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Bruce, Royal Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Bryan CMG Manchester Regiment
    Major Leonard Corfield Bucknall, Yeomanry
    Temp Captain Christopher Victor Bulstrode MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Richard Seymour Bunbury, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Harold Burchall, Royal Flying Corps Spec. Reserve
    Major Hubert George Richard Burges-Short, Somerset Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arnold Robinson Burrowes CMG Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Captain Christopher Bushell, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard Arnold Barrington Butler, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major The Honourable Robert Thomas Rowley Probyn Butler MC Tank Corps
    Major William Erdeswick Ignatius Butler-Bowdon, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Norman Buzzard, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Walter Roderick Griffith Bye MC General List
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel The Honourable Antony Schomberg Byng DSO General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Major Alexander Francis Somerville Caldwell, North Lancashire Regiment
    Major Felix Call, Royal Irish Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Ewen Allan Cameron, North Lancashire Regiment
    Rev. Edward Fitzhardinge Campbell BA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Hector Campbell MVO Indian Army
    Major The Honourable Ian Malcolm Campbell, Lovat's Scouts
    Major William Robert Campion MP Royal Sussex Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Fernand Gustave Eugene Cannot CMG Army Service Corps
    Major Alan Douglas Garden, Royal Engineers, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Lieutenant D'Arcy Vandeleur Garden, Royal Field Artillery
    Rev. Douglas Falkland Carey MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain John Charles Denton Carlisle MC London Regiment
    Temp Captain Thomas Hamilton Carlisle, Royal Engineers
    Captain Thomas Carnwath MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Major Vincent Henry Cartwright, Royal Marine Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Trevor Carus-Wilson, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Temp Major Frank Cassels, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Captain Geoffrey Cheetham MC Royal Engineers
    Major Lawrence Chenevix-Trench, Royal Engineers
    Major William Francis Christian, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Archibald Christie, Royal Artillery, and Royal Flying Corps
    Major Henry Robert Stark Christie, Royal Engineers
    Major Herbert Nicholls Clark, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Frederick Arthur Stanley Clarke, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Denzil Harwood Clarke MC Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Clarke, Army Service Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Reginald Graham Clarke, Royal West Surrey Regiment, and Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Major Gerald Malcolm Clayton, Liverpool Regiment
    Major Francis Alfred Worship Cobbold, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Herbert Philip Gordon Cochran, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Webber Warren Cochrane MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Douglas Fanley Colson, Royal Engineers
    Major Richard Coffey, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Sacheverell d'Ewes Coke CMG King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Major Alfred Methven Collard, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Captain Richard Hamilton Collier, Royal Flying Corps Spec. Reserve
    Major Reginald Thomas Collins, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Major William Alexander Collins, Army Service Corps
    Captain Henry Gordon Comber, unattd. List
    Rev. John Morgan Connor MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Dudley Cookes, Royal Field Artillery
    Rev. James Ogden Coop MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Frank Sandiford Cooper, Suffolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel William Coote-Brown, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Captain Edward Roux Littledale Corballis, Royal Dublin Fusiliers, and Royal Flying Corps
    Major Geoffrey Ronald Codrington, Yeomanry
    Captain and Brevet Major Gordon Philip Lewes Cosens, Dragoons
    Major Reginald Foulkes Cottrell, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Miles Rafe Ferguson Courage, Royal Artillery
    Major Robert Blaster Cousens, Royal Artillery
    Major Arthur James Cowan, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major William Henry Coysh, Royal Engineers
    Major James Craik, Indian Army Lancers
    Major George Craster, Indian Army Cavalry
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Julius Craven, Royal Engineers
    Temp Major Edward William Crawford, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain William Loftus Crawford, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Rev. Canon Thomas Emerson Crawhall, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Quartermaster and Honorary Major Hugh Cressingham, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Major The Honourable Frederick Heyworth Cripps, Yeomanry
    Major Sir Morgan George Crofton Bt Life Guards
    Major John Frank Crombie, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Arthur Edwin Cronshaw, Manchester Regiment
    Major Bernard Cruddas, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Arthur Ludlam Cruickshank, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Major Bertram Stephen Rowsell Cunningham, Army Service Corps
    Captain Richard Robinson Curling, Royal Artillery
    Captain Hubert Montague Cotton-Curtis, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Evan Campbell da Costa, East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Major Thomas William Daniel MC Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Captain Neville Reay Daniell, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Major William Augustus Bampfylde Daniel, Royal Horse Artillery
    Captain Markham David, Monmouthshire Regiment, Royal Engineers
    Major Thomas Jenkins David, Royal Horse Artillery
    Major Alan Hier Davies, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel John Edward Henry Davies, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Major Gilbert Davidson, Army Service Corps
    Captain Owen Stanley Davies, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Henry Davies MC Royal Engineers
    Temp Major William Hathaway Davis MC Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Hugh Frank Dawes MC Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Harold John Dear, London Regiment
    Captain Philip de Fonblanque, Royal Engineers
    Temp Major Thomas Lyttleton de Havilland, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Major, South African Def. Force)
    Major John Nathael de la Perrelle MC Royal Fusiliers
    Captain James Finlay Dempster, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain Eustace Charles de Neufville, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Major Henry Denison Denison-Pender MC Dragoons
    Lieutenant Colonel Bertie Coore Dent, Leicestershire Regiment, Cheshire Regiment
    Major John Neston Diggle, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Francis Ivan Leslie Ditrcaet MC Durham Light Infantry
    Major Peter Doig, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Harry Cecil Dolphin, Hampshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Frederick Langloh Donkin, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Alan Sydney Whitehom Dore, Worcestershire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Major Francis Holland Dorling, Manchester Regiment
    Captain Edward Cecil Doyle, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major Reginald John Drake, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Major Harold Bruce Dresser, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Cecil Francis Drew, Scottish Rifles
    Major George Barry Drew, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Major Horace Robert Bawley Drew, Northamptonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant William Stuart Gordon Drummond, Army Service Corps
    Major Ralph Duckworth, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Major Robert Maxwell Dudgeon MC Cameron Highlanders
    Major William Marshall Dugdale, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Donald Duncan MC Gloucestershire Regiment
    Major Horace Adrian Doinoan, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Major Norman Edwin Dunkerton, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Thomas Spence Dunn, Royal Army Medical Service
    Major Guy Edward Jervoise Durnford, Royal Engineers
    Major Bernard Alfred Saunders Dyer, Army Service Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Percyvall Hart Dyke, Baluchis, Indian Army
    Major Gerald Lang Dymott, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Bruce Lindsay Eddis, Royal Engineers
    Captain Harold Walter Edwards MC Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Major Richard Prior Ferdinand Edwards, Army Service Corps
    Captain William Egan MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Horace Anson Eiloart MC London Regiment
    Major William Gardiner Eley
    Captain Garrard Elgood, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Captain Edward Charles Ellice (retired), Grenadier Guards
    Major Edward Halhed Hugh Elliot, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Renton Elliott, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Arthur Addison Ellwood MC Lincolnshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Wilfred Elston MC Manchester Regiment
    Major Sir Francis Napier Elphinstone-Dalrymple Bt Royal Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Adrian Ashfoord Elton, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Major Robert Emmet, Sr., Yeomanry
    Lieutenant-Gol Cuthbert Evans CMG Royal Artillery
    Captain William Harry Evans, Royal Engineers
    Major Alfred Howell Evans-Gwynne, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Eliott Nial Evelegh MC Royal Engineers
    Captain Thomas, Swan Eves MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Charles Nicholson. Ewart, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major William Turner Ewing, Royal Scots
    Temp Major John Knox Ewart, Army Service Corps
    Temp Major Cresswell John Eyres, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Bernard Joseph Fagan, Infantry, Indian Army
    Captain Harold Arthur Thomas Fairbank FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Brereton Fairclough CMG South Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Arthur Wellesley Falconer MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Ronald Dundas Falconar-Stewart, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Captain Arthur Thomas Falwasser, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major William Alexander Farquhar, Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Captain John Arthur Joseph Farrell, Leinster Regiment
    Major Paul John Fearon, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Major Francis Hood Fernie, Tank Corps
    Major Maurice Christian Festing, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Captain Linwood Field MC Royal Artillery
    Major Harold Stuart Filsell, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Major John Alexander Findlay, Highland Light Infantry
    Major Walter Taylor Finlayson, Indian Medical Service
    Major David Leonard Fisher MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major James Thackeray Fisher, Royal Engineers
    Temp Major Arthur Stanley Fitzgerald, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Captain Edward Herbert Fitzherbert MC Army Service Corps
    Captain Terrick Charles Fitzhugh MVO Royal Irish Regiment
    Captain and Brevet Major Noel Trew Fitzpatrick MC Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Archibald Nicol Fleming MB FRCS Indian Medical Service
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frank Fleming, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Percy Beresford Fleming, Army Service Corps
    Captain The Honourable Gerald William Frederick Savile Foljambe, late Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Major Richard Mildmay Foot CMG Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Stephen Henry Foot, Royal Engineers
    Major Nowell Barnard de Lancey Forth MC Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain William Nelson Foster, Army Service Corps
    Major Cecil Fowler, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major George Fox, General List
    Rev. Henry Watson Fox, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain The Honourable Alastair Thomas Joseph Fraser, Lovat's Scouts (Cameron Highlanders)
    Lieutenant John Alexander Fraser, Dragoon Guards
    Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Fraser MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain The Honourable William Fraser MC Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Major The Honourable Edward Gerald French, General List
    Captain John Roberts Frend, Leinster Regiment
    Major Charles Gibson Fulton, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Willoughby Furnivall, Royal Field Artillery
    Major William Fleetwood Fuller, Yeomanry
    Captain Edward Keith Byrne Furze MC Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Major Edgar David Galbraith, Indian Army
    Major Aylmer George Galloway, Army Service Corps
    Major Robert Leech Galloway, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Charles Edward Galwey, late Royal Irish Regiment
    Captain William Boss Gardner MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major William Garforth MC Royal Engineers
    Major John Reginald Garwood, Royal Engineers
    Major Henry Percy Garwood, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil Claud Hugh Orby Gascoigne, Worcestershire Regiment
    Captain Eric Gerald Gauntlett MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Cyril Herbert Gay, Royal Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick George Peter Gedge, Royal Engineers
    Captain William Charles Coleman Gell MC Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Captain Alfred Joseph Gibbs MC Royal Field Artillery
    Major Hugh Edward Gibbs, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Captain Alexander John Gibson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Harold Gibson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Major Joseph Gibson, Army Service Corps
    Major Lewis Gibson, Royal Highlanders
    Temp Major Donald Hope Gibsone, Royal Engineers
    Captain John Galbraith Gill MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Reynold Alexander Gillam, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Gilmour, Jr., Royal Highlanders
    Temp Captain Sydney Elliot Glendenning, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Kenneth Bruce Godsell MC Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Alexander Campbell Godwin, Indian Army Cavalry
    Major George Edward Goldsmith, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel William Richard Goodwin, Royal Irish Rifles
    Major Alexander Robert Gisborne Gordon, Royal Irish Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Hamilton Gordon, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Granville Cecil Douglas Gordon, Welsh Guards
    Major Richard Glegg Gordon, Lowland Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major William Gordon, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Lord Esmé Charles Gordon-Lennox MVO Scots Guards
    Captain and Brevet Major Eric Gore-Browne, London Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Michael Derwas Goring-Jones CMG Durham Light Infantry
    Rev. Thomas Sydney Goudge, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Ernest Gould MC Royal Engineers
    Major John Maxwell Gover MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Malise Graham, Lancers
    Major Roland Cecil Douglas Graham, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Hubert Francis Grant-Suttie MC Royal Artillery
    Major Bernard Granville, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry William Grattan, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major Stafford Henry Green MC West Yorkshire Regiment
    Major Wilfrith Gerald Key Green, Indian Army
    Temp Major Frederick Harry Greenhough, Royal Engineers
    Major William Basil Greenwell, Durham Light Infantry
    Major Charles Francis Hill Greenwood, London Regiment
    Temp Major Richard Hugo Gregg MC Royal Fusiliers
    Captain William Thornton Huband Gregg, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Captain George Pascoe Grenfell, Royal Flying Corps
    Rev. John Wesley Elnox Griffin MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Waldegrave Griffith, Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant Edward William Macleay Grigg MC Grenadier Guards
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Hugh Noel Grimwade MC General List
    Captain Ewart Scott Grogan, Unattd. List, East African Forces
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Watkins Grubb, Border Regiment
    Temp Major Frederick Henry Wickham Guard, Royal Scots
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Gordon Guggisberg CMG Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Eric Cecil Guinness, Royal Irish Regiment
    Major Hamilton Bruce Leverson. Gower Gunn MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Arthur Henry Habgood Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard Haigh, Army Service Corps
    Wing Commander Frederick Crosby Halahan MVO Royal Naval Air Service
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Hall MP Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Sydney Hamilton CMG Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain Denys Huntingford Hammonds MC Royal Engineers
    Temp Major Claude Hancock, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Major John Haig, Yeomanry
    Major Mortimer Pawson Hancock, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Captain William Charles Hand MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Barnard Hanley, Worcestershire Regiment, attd. Tank Corps
    Captain Hubert Arthur Oldfield Hanley, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Cathcart Christian Hannay, Dorsetshire Regiment
    Captain Frank Stephen Hanson MC Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Major Cecil Claud Alexander Hardie, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain George Richardson Harding, Royal Engineers
    Captain Thomas Hubert Harker, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Captain Charles Harry Hart MC Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Owen Hart, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Charles Darby Harvey, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Major Cosmo George Sinclair Harvey, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Gardiner Hassell Harvey, Army Service Corps
    Captain and Honorary Major John Harvey (retired)
    Captain Percy Lovell Clare Haslam, Hussars, attd. Tank Corps
    Major Randal Plunkett Taylor Hawksley, Royal Engineers
    Captain James George Hay, late Gordon Highlanders
    Captain Geoffrey Hayes, Durham Light Infantry
    Major William Burrell Hayley, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel George William Hayward, Royal Field Artillery, Riding Master and Honorary Major (retired)
    Lieutenant Eustace Fellowes Sinclair Hawkins, Army Service Corps
    Major Thomas Hazelrigg, Army Service Corps
    Captain Cuthbert Morley Headlam, Bedford Yeomanry
    Major Arthur Basset Hearle, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major GeorgeNoah Heath, Cheshire Regiment
    Captain Joseph Thomas Heath MC Royal Engineers
    Major Vincent James Heather, Royal Artillery
    Captain Alfred George Hebblethwaite, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Fercival John Beresford Heelas, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Harry Dal ton Henderson, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Lionel Lees Hepper, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel William Francis Hessey, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Charles Caulfield Hewitt MC Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, and Machine Gun Corps
    Major Gerald Heygate, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Graham Percival Heywood Bt 1st Staffordshire Yeomanry
    Temp Lieutenant Herbert John Hill, Royal Engineers
    Major Rowland Clement Ridley Hill, Royal Engineers
    Major Francis Barrett Hills, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Harry Alexander Hinge CMG Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain and Temp Major Charles Faunce Hitchins, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Colonel Reginald Hoare, 4th Hussars
    Temp Major Harry Roy Hobson, Army Service Corps
    Captain Adam Hodgins, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Holdsworth Holdsworth Hunt, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Henry Arthur Hollond, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Major Francis John Courtenay Hood, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Major John Charles Hooper, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Captain and Brevet Major Robert Victor Galbraith Horn MC Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Major George John Houghton, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel John William Hobart, Houghton MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Charles Kenneth Howard-Bury, King's Royal Rifle Corps Spec. Reserve
    Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Howell Jones, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Major James Thomas Harold Hudson, Middlesex Regiment
    Temp Captain Henry Moore Hudspeth MC Royal Engineers
    Captain Basil Hughes MB FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Edward William Hughes MC London Regiment
    Major William Hughes MC London Regiment
    Major Henry Horne Hulton, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Walter Vernon Hume, South Lancashire Regiment
    Major George Noel Humphreys, Army Service Corps
    Major Rochford Noel Hunt MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Reginald Seager Hunt, Dragoon Guards
    Captain Cecil Stuart Hunter, Royal Artillery
    Temp Major Hugh Blackburn Hunter, Army Service Corps
    Major Henry Noel Alexander Hunter, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Reginald Hurst, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Ralph Hamer Husey MC London Regiment
    Captain Colin Ross Marshall Hutchison MC Royal Field Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Major Thomas Charles Ibbs, London Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Wilson Iles, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Bernhardt Basil von Brumsy im Thurn MC Hampshire Regiment
    Major Charles Elliott Inglis, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Major Richard Inglis, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major Thomas Stewart Inglis, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Innes Irons, Middlesex Regiment
    Captain Noel Mackintosh Stuart Irwin MC Essex Regiment
    Major William Rennie Izat, Royal Engineers
    Captain Edward Darby Jackson, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Temp Major Frank Whitford Jackson, Army Service Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert William Jackson, Indian Army
    Major Richard Rolt Brash Jackson, Army Service Corps
    Major Arthur Lawrence Baldwin Jacob, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Major Archibald Hugh James, Northumberland Fusiliers, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Ernest Haweis James CMG North Lancashire Regiment
    Major Cyril Jarrett, Middlesex Regiment
    Temp Captain Arthur Alfred Jayne MC Royal Engineers
    Major Richard Griffith Bassett Jeffreys, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Major Leoline Jenkins MC Dorset, Royal Garrison Artillery and Royal Flying Corps
    Major Sir Walter Kentish William Jenner Bt late 9th Lancers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Stawell Jenour CMG Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Arthur Baynes Johnson, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Allen Victor Johnson, Royal Fusiliers, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Major Benjamin Sandford Johnson, Army Service Corps
    Major Victor Neville Johnson, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Campbell Johnston, Royal Artillery
    Major George Bernard Johnson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel William Hamilton Hall Johnston MC Middlesex Regiment
    Major Harry Haweis Joll MC Royal Artillery
    Major Archibald Nelson Gavin Jones, Indian Army
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Josselyn, Suffolk Regiment
    Captain Edward James Kavanagh MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Thomas Kay MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Gerard Ainslie Kompthorne, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major Edward Holt Kendrick, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Major William Kennedy, East African Veterinary Corps
    Lieutenant Albert Edmund Kent MC Leicestershire Regiment
    Major John Kent, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Herbert Edward Kenyon, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Major John Victor Kershaw, East Lancashire Regiment
    Major Sidney Hardinge Kershaw, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Francis Percy Kindell MC Royal Artillery
    Major Charles Harold Kilner, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Robert Edgar Kilvert, Royal Marine Artillery
    Temp Captain Charles Francis King MC Cheshire Regiment
    Captain Frank King, 4th Hussars
    Temp Major John Bussell King, Army Service Corps
    Temp Major Wentworth Alexander King-Harman (retired) List, late Royal Irish Rifles
    Major Guy Thornhill Kingsford, Royal Engineers
    Captain John Lawson Kinnear MC Liverpool Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis Hawker Kirkness, Special List
    Major Harry Fearnley Kirkpatrick, East Kent Regiment
    Temp Major Leonard Knapman, Army Service Corps
    Major Charles Leycester Knyvett MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Kyle, Highland Light Infantry
    Major Wilham Frederick Robert Kyngdon, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Roderick Laing MC Seaforth Highlanders
    Major James Laird, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Ronald Dewe Lake, Northamptonshire Regiment
    Temp Major George Moorsom Lagier Lamotte, Royal Engineers
    Captain John du Plessis Langrishe MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major John Henry Langton, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Major Percy Edward Langworthy Parry, London Regiment
    Major Sir Thomas Perceval Larcom Bt Royal Artillery
    Captain Stanley Dermott Large MC Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain The Honourable Edward Cecil Lascelles MC Rifles Brigade
    Mag Charles Trevor Lawrence, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Geoffrey Lawrence, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Hervey Major Lawrence, Scottish Rifles
    Captain Arthur Bertram Layton, South Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Major Ralph le Butt, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Victor Carmichael Leckie, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Major Guy Lee MC East Kent Regiment
    Captain George Maconchy Lee MC Royal Fusiliers
    Major Harry Romer Lee, 20th Hussars
    Major Edward Frederick William Lees, Royal Engineers
    Major Alexander Leggat MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Charles Edward Lembcke, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Major Frederick Joseph Lemon, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Major Dudley Lewis MC York & Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Philip Edward Lewis, Royal Artillery
    Captain Wilfred Gordon Lindsell MC Royal Artillery
    Captain Christopher George Ling MC Royal Engineers
    Major Harold Cronshaw Lings, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant The Honourable Charles Christopher Josceline Littleton, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant William Howard Livens MC Royal Engineers
    Major Evan Henry Llewellyn, King's African Rifles
    Major Evan Colclough Lloyd, Royal Irish Regiment
    Lieutenant Ormond Maxwell Loggie MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Kenneth Thurston Lomas, Royal Engineers
    Major Thomas Longbottom, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Alexander Holcombe Longcroft, Welsh Regiment
    Captain Henry Kerr Longman MC late Gordon Highlanders
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Loring, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Stuart Gilkinson Love MC
    Major John Gordon Lowndes, late North Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Henry Charles Loyd MC Coldstream Guards
    Temp Major Lowes Dalbiac Luard, Army Service Corps
    Major Williams Ludgate, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major Edgar Rainey Ludlow-Hewitt MC Royal Irish Rifles
    Major Cecil St. John Lynch, Royal Engineers
    Captain Jasper Beverley Lynch, late 12th Cavalry, Indian Army
    Local Major Frank Sanderson Lyster, Special List
    Major Archibald Laird MacConnell, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Captain Harold Symes MacDonald MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major James Leslie Auld Macdonald, Royal Scots
    Lieutenant-Colonel Reginald James Macdonald, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major John Buchanan MacFarlan, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Fane Andrew James Macfarlane, London Regiment
    Major Walter Macfarlane, Glasgow Yeomanry
    Captain Fraoicis Burnett Mackenzie MC Royal Scots
    Major Pierse Joseph Mackesy MC Royal Engineers
    Captain and Brevet Major William Alexander Onslow Churchill Mackintosh, Royal Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Alexander Hugh MacLean, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Major Charles Wilberforce MacLean, Cameron Highlanders
    Temp Major Adam Gordon MacLeod, Army Service Corps
    Captain Donald Macleod MC North Staffordshire Regiment
    Major Malcolm Neynoe MacLeod MC Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Mind en Whyte Melville MacLeod, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Major Patrick Dalmahoy McCandlish, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Major William McCall MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Robert Singleton McClintock, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Ivor Herbert McClure, Intelligence Corps
    Lieutenant Hamilton McCombie MC Worcestershire Regiment
    Captain William McKim Herbert McCullagh MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major James Innis Aikin McDiarmid, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Gordon Archibald McLarty MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Norman Macdonald McLeod MC Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Hugh McMaster MC Royal Artillery
    Captain Donald Jay McMullen, Royal Engineers
    Captain John William McNee MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain George Maitland Edwards, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Alexander Malcolm, Reserve, attd. London Regiment
    Temp Captain Stuart Sydney Mallinson MC Royal Engineers
    Captain John Alexander Manifold MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Lionel Manton, Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Henry Marindin, Royal Highlanders
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil Colvile Marindin, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Bryan Lister Marrmer, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain John Francis Harnsor Marsh, Hampshire Regiment
    Captain Alfred Russel Marshall MC Royal Engineers
    Captain Charles Frederick Kelk Marshall MC Royal Field Artillery
    Honorary Major Henry Alfred Marshall, Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Major Ernest Brasewhite Martin, Royal Engineers
    Major Daniel Johnstone Mason, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Malcolm Forty Mason, Suffolk Regiment
    Captain Charles Walter Massy MC Royal Field Artillery
    Major Reginald Cosway Matthews, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel William Riddell Matthews, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Hugh Patrick Guarm Maule MC Honourable Artillery Company
    Major William John Maule, Essex Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Blair Mayne, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain John Maxwell MC Rifle Brigade
    Lieutenant-Colonel James McCall Maxwell CB Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Robert David Perceval-Maxwell, Royal Irish Rifles
    Major Sydmey Manvers Woolner Meadows, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Cyril Frankland Meares, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Major Teignmouth Philip Melvil, Lancers
    Temp Major David Kinloch Michie, Highland Light Infantry
    Captain George Waterston Miller, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Hubert Garrett Blair Miller MC Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Rev. William Herbert Latimer Miller BA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major John Williamson Milligan, East Africa Supply Corps
    Captain George Ernest Millner MC London Regiment
    Rev. Eric Milner Milner-White, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Cecil Francis Milsom, Army Service Corps
    Temp Colonel Thomas Herbert Minshall, General List
    Major Arthur Mitchell, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Archibald Madame Mitchell, Royal Scots
    Captain Charles Mitchell, Grenadier Guards
    Captain William Gore Sutherland Mitchell MC Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Major Thomas Hassard Montgomery, Army Service Corps
    Major Edward Duke Moore, East Riding Yeomanry
    Major Edward Henry Milner Moore, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel, George Abraham Moore CMG Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Charles Robert Faulconer Morgan, Army Service Corps
    Major Thomas Bettesworth Moriarty, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Commander Edward N. Groves Morris, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, attd. Royal Naval Air Service
    Major Jolm Hugh Morris, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel Frederick Lansdowne Morrison CB Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Robert Charles Stuart Morrison-Scott, Royal Marine Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Sidney Pelham Morter, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major Albert Isaac Mossop, attd. Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Crawford Moultrie, Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Carter Moxon CMG Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Major John Carr Muriel, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Edward Lionel Mussor MC Manchester Regiment
    Major Lenox Arthur Dutton, Naper, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Henry Edmund Palmer-Nash, Royal Scots
    Major Roderick Macaulay Bernard Needhan, Suffolk Regiment
    Captain Duncan Ferguson Dempsterr Neill, Royal Engineers
    Captain Redmond Barry Neill, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Austin Nevill, Royal Engineers
    Major Gervys Charles Nevile, Royal Field Artillery
    Major-Thomas Clifford Newbold, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Major Edward Hills Nicholson, Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Hugh Blomfield Nicholson, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major Cecil Paterson Nickalls, Royal Field Artillery
    Major John, Scott Nimmo, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Major Samuel Richard Normand, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Arthur Ernest Norton, West Indian Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel William Kilminster Notley
    Temp Major Allan Vaughan Nutt, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Major Norman Henry Nutt, Tank Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Coope Gates, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Rogham O'Brien, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Tasker Odam, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major Richard John Lanford O'Donoghue, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Robert James Leslie Ogilby, London Regiment
    Major David Ogilvy, Royal Engineers
    Temp Major Bernardine O'Gorman, General List
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Gerald Maxwell Orr, Lancers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis James Osborn, Royal Artillery, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain George Cecil Rudall Overton, Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Lindsay Cunliffe Owen, Royal Engineers
    Temp Major Norman Henry Oxenham, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major Bernard Charles Tolver-Paget MC Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Rev. Reginald Palmer MC Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Thomas Kenyon Pardoe, Worcestershire Regiment
    Major James Dove Park, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Albert Chevallier-Parker, Special List
    Captain George Singleton Parkinson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Henry Evan Pateshall, Herefordshire Regiment
    Major Sir Everard Philip Digby Pauncefort-Duncombe Bt Buckinghamshire Yeomanry
    Major Denys Whitmore Payne MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Herbert Gerald Payne, General List
    Major Hugh Drummond Pearson, Royal Engineers
    Major Thomas William Pearson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Carmichael Peebles, Royal Scots
    Captain Home Peel MC London Regiment
    Local Major Willoughby Ewart Peel, Camel Transport Corps
    Temp Captain Albert James Pelling MC Royal Engineers
    Rev. Douglas Raymond Pelly, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Honorary Lieutenant Bertie Howard Penn, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Septimus Penny CMG MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Major William Petty, Seaforth Highlanders
    Captain Ernest Cyril Phelan MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Ramsay Phipps, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major William John Phythian-Adams MC Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Jocelyn Arthur Adair Pickard, Royal Engineers
    Major Frederick Alfred Pile MC Royal Artillery
    Captain John Ryland Pisent, Royal Engineers
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel William Richard Pinwill, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Major Oswald Bertram Fisher Planck, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Ian Stanley Ord Playfair MC Royal Engineers
    Major Thomas Herman Plummer, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant James Frederick Plunkett MC Royal Irish Regiment
    Captain Alexander Morton Pollard, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Robert Valentine Pollok, Irish Guards
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Cyril Lachlan Porter, East Kent Regiment
    Captain James Herbert Porter, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Major Edward Charles Pottinger, Royal Artillery
    Major Eden Bernard Powell, Rifles
    Brig Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar Elkin Powell, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Major Randolph MacHattie Powell, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Thomas Power, M.L.B.
    Major Henry Royds Pownall MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major Albert Ernest Prescott, Royal Engineers
    Major Classon O'Driscoll Preston, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Walter Clavel Herbert Prichard, Royal Engineers
    Major Peregrine Prince, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Temp Major Edward Robert Seymour Prior MC South Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Percy William Prockter, Army Service Corps
    Major Demson Pudsey, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Richard Brownlow Purey-Cust MC Royal Field Artillery
    Major Alfred Hutton Radice, Gloucestershire Regiment, South Wales Borderers
    Captain Rowan Scrope Rait Kerr MC Royal Engineers
    Captain Gerard Marland Rambaut, Royal Field Artillery
    Major James Gordon Ramsay, Cameron Highlanders
    Captain and Brevet Major Algernon Lee Ransome MC Dorsetshire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil Godfrey Rawling CMG CIE Somerset Light Infantry
    Captain John George Grey Rea, Yeomanry
    Major Robert Clanmalier Reeves, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Charles Savile Reid, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Henry Thomas Rendell, Army Service Corps
    Temp Major John Walter Keyell, Royal Engineers
    Captain John Phillip Rhodes, Royal Engineers
    Major Ernest Evelyn Rich, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Captain John Frederick Gwyther Richards MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Gerald Arthur Richards MC Royal Artillery
    Major George Carr Richardson MC Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Buchanan Riddell, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Major The Honourable Harold Ritchie, Scottish Rifles
    Lieutenant-Colonel Colin McLeod Robertson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Frank Mansfield Boileau Robertson, Royal Highlanders
    Major William Cairnes Robertson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Robert William Barrington Robertson-Eustace, East African Forces
    Major Annesley Craven Robinson, Army Service Corps
    Major John Armstrong Purefoy Robinson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Thomas Chambers Robinson, East Lancashire Regiment
    Major Cyril Edmund Alan Spencer Rocke, Irish Guards
    Major Harold Bowyer Roffey, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Major Myles Herbert Roffey, Welsh Regiment
    Major Walter Lacy Yea Rogers, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Major Norman Thomas Rolls, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Claudo Stuart Rome, 11th Hussars
    Major Everard Howe Rooke, Royal Engineers
    Captain Edward Ridgill Roper MC Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Robert Knox Ross MC Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Major William Edward Rothwell, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Major Wilfred Barton Rowe, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frank George
    Mathias Rowley CMG Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant Albert Russell, Royal Engineers
    Colonel Bruce Bremner Russell
    Major Noel Hunsley Campbell Russell, Leinster Regiment, and Worcestershire Yeomanry
    Temp Major William Malcolm Russell, General List
    Major William Thomas Cutler Rust, Army Service Corps
    Major Hugh Thomas Ryan, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Captain Julian Neil Oscar Rycroft MC Royal Highlanders
    Major Harold Francis Salt, Royal Artillery
    Major Edward Vipan Sarson, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Lionel Robert Schuster, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Major Albert Edward Scothern, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Captain John Davie Scott, Royal Irish Regiment
    Captain John Walter Lennox Scott, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major William Scott-Elliot, Army Service Corps
    Major Hugh Forde Searight, 1st Dragoon Guards
    Temp Major Frank Searle, Tank Corps
    Major Thomas Byrne Sellar CMG late King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Captain Hugh Garden Seth-Smith, Army Service Corps
    Captain Reginald Henry Napier-Settle MC 19th Hussars
    Major Evelyn Francis Edward-Seymour, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Major Roger Cecil Seys, Royal Artillery
    Captain Arthur Talbot Shakespear MC Royal Engineers
    Captain and Brevet Major George Frederick Cortland Shakespear MC Indian Army
    Major Charles Schmidt Sharpe, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Major William Shaw, Army Service Corps
    Major Henry Francis Shea MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Charles Edward Gowran Shearman MC Bedfordshire Regiment
    Temp Major Robert Austin Shebbeare, Army Service Corps
    Captain John Reginald Vivian Sherston MC Cavalry Indian Army
    Captain William John Townsend Shorthose, South Staffordshire Regiment, and King's African Rifles
    Major Cecil Barrow Simonds, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William ArthurJohn Simpson MC Royal Field Artillery
    Major James Robert Simson, Highland Light Infantry
    Rev. Patrick Sinclair MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Alexander Baird Skinner, Indian Army Cavalry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Major Edmund William Skinner, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Wheeler Slayter CMG Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Arthur John Henry Sloggett, Rifle Brigade
    Captain Lovell Francis Smeathman MC Hertfordshire Regiment
    Captain Arthur Francis Smith MC Coldstream Guards
    Captain Isham Percy Smith, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William Selwyn Smith, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Gerald James Watt Smyth, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Smyth, Cheshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Abraham Smyth, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Rupert Caesar Smythe, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Lieutenant William Fulton Somervail MC Scottish Rifles
    Captain Herbert George Sotheby, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Louis Spencer, Royal Engineers
    Captain Hugh Baird Spens, Scottish Rifles
    Temp Captain Alfred William Speyer, General List, late West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Sidney Stallard, London Regiment
    Honorary Captain Alfred Richard Stamford, Army Ordnance Depot
    Major The Honourable Oliver Hugh Stanley, Royal Artillery
    Temp Major William Alan Stanley, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Arthur Christopher Lancelot Stanley-Clarke, Scottish Rifles
    Major William Lockhart St. Clair, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Major William Jones Steele, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Stephenson MC Royal Scots
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Kenyon Stephenson Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Charles Knowles Steward MC South Wales Borderers
    Temp Major Albert Lewis Stewart, Machine Gun Corps
    Major William Murray Stewart, Cameron Highlanders
    Captain and Brevet Major Walter Robert Stewart MC Rifle Brigade
    Captain Alexander Dickson Stirling MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Colin Robert Hoste Stirling MC Scottish Rifles
    Major Walter Andrew Starling MC Royal Artillery
    Major William Eustace St. John, Yeomanry
    Major Ashton Alexander St. Hill, West Riding Regiment
    Captain Hugh Morton Stobart, Yeomanry
    Temp Captain Adrian Stokes MD FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Cat Henry Howard Stoney, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Major Martyn Rogers Strover, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Edward Lisle Strutt, Royal Scots
    Major Francis Cyril Rupert Studd, East Kent Regiment
    Temp Major Montague Alfred Sliney Sturt, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles William Swinton, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major William Frederick John Symonds, London Regiment
    Temp Major Henry Leslie Aldersey Swann, Army Service Corps
    Captain Ernest John Bocart Tagg, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Bruce Mitchell Taylor MC Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Major Charles Lancaster Taylor, South Wales Borderers
    Major Glenleigh John Schill Taylor, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain George Pritchard Taylor MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Henry Jeffreys Taylor, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain George Harris Teall, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Captain and Brevet Major Richard Durand Temple, Worcestershire Regiment
    Captain James Hugh Thomas MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Melville Thomas CMG Royal Artillery
    Temp Major Basil Thomas, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Albert Charles Thompson, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Claude Ernest Thompson MC South Lancashire Regiment
    Major Cyril Henry Farrer Thompson, London Regiment
    Major James George Coulthered Thompson, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain William Irwin Thompson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain George Thomson MC Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Major George Edward Mervyn Thorneycroft, Royal Artillery
    Major Cudbert John Massey Thornhill, Indian Army
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Hugh Thorp, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Claude Thorp, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant Alexander Tillett MC Devonshire Regiment
    Major Clement Thurstan Tomes MC Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Captain Julian Latham Tomlin, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Francis William Towsey CMG West Yorkshire Regiment
    Major Edmund Francis Tarlton Traill, Army Service Corps
    Major John Brereton Owst Trimble MC Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Major Frederick George Trobridge, General List
    Captain Gerald Louis Johnson Tuck, Unattd. List, attd. Suffolk Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Donald Fiddes Tulloch, Royal Artillery
    Major Canning Turner, Leicestershire Regiment
    Captain Reginald Aubrey Turner MC Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Clifford Charles Horace Twiss, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Major Weratwarth Francis Tyndale CMG MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain William Tyrrell MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Thurlo Richardson Ubsdell, late Royal Artillery
    Major John Salusbury Unthank, Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant James Alastair Berry Urquhart, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Rev. George Ross Vallings, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Sir Harry Calvert Williams Verney Bt General List
    Major Leonard Morris Verney FRCVS Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Major George Edward Vickers, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Oliver G. G. Villiers, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, attd. Royal Naval Air Service
    Major Patrick Villiers-Stuart, Royal Fusiliers
    Major Ernest Blechynden Waggett MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Reginald Wainewright, Royal Artillery
    Major Roland Henry Waithman, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Temp Captain George Goold Walker MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Major Charles John Wallace MC Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Captain James Hardress de Warrenne Waller, Royal Engineers
    Major Hubert de Lansey Walters, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Harold Mathias Arthur Ward Royal Garrison Artillery
    Major Joseph Ward, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major George William Webb Ware MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Henry Archibald Waring, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Major Lionel Edward Warren, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Edward Robert Cabell Warrens, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Philip Huskinson Warwick, Yeomanry
    Major James Way MC Royal Artillery
    Temp Major Harry Reginald Bland Wayman, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Major Adrian Barclay Wayte, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Quartermaster and Honorary Major Walter Edward Webb, London Regiment
    Captain Ronald Moree Weeks MC South Lancashire Regiment
    Major Barrington Clement Wells, Essex Regiment
    Captain Richard Annesley West, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Malcolm Westropp, Royal Engineers
    Major Frederick Whalley MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Major Wynn Powell Wheldon, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Major William Stobart Whetherly, Hussars
    Captain Arthur Percy Buncombe Whitaker, Army Service Corps
    Charles Richardson White, Army Medical Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Frank Augustin Kinder, White, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Noel Blanco White MC General List
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel The Honourable Robert White CMG Reserve of Officers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edmund l'Estrange Whitehead, Royal Artillery
    Temp Major Hector Fraser Whitehead, East Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Nathan Whitley CMG Royal Artillery
    Major Everard le Grice Whitting MC Royal Artillery
    Temp Major Alan Roderick Whittington, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant William Henry Whyte, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Captain Harold Hartley Wilberforce, Army Service Corps
    Major Edward Harold Wildblood, Leinster Regiment
    Lieutenant Cyril Francis Wilkins MC Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp Major Harris Vaughan Wilkinson, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain James Lugard Willcocks MC Royal Highlanders
    Captain Henry Beresford Dennitts Willcox MC Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Major George Arthur Seccombe Williams, South Staffordshire Regiment (Spec. Reserve)
    Major Herbert Mamwanng Williams, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Rev. Ronald Charles Lambert Williams, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick George Willock, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Albert Edward Jacob Wilson, Somerset Light Infantry
    Major Donald Clitheroe Wilson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Douglas Hamilton Wilson, General List
    Major James Herbert Roche Winder MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Gordon Bluett Winch, Royal Field Artillery
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Godfrey Harold Fenton Wingate, Royal Scots
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Arthur Winter MC Royal Fusiliers
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Maunder Withycombe CMG Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Major James Wood, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Wilfred James Woodcock, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Captain William Talbot Woods MC Manchester Regiment
    Major Robart James Wordsworth, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Major Percy Reginald Worrall MC Devonshire Regiment
    Major Stephen Henry Worrrall, Border Regiment
    Captain Andrew Rae Wright MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Hubert Howard Wright, Army Service Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace Duffield Wright VC CMG Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Major William Oswald Wright, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Oliver Bird Wroughton, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Jasper William George Wyld MC Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Major Guy George Egerton Wylly VC Indian Army
    Temp Major Charles Sandford Wynne-Eyton, General List, and Royal Flying Corps
    Major Cecil McGrigor Yates, Royal Artillery
    Major Robert James Burton Yates, Indian Army Cavalry
    Major Richard Lister York, Royal Field Artillery
    Major Arthur Allan Shakespear Younger, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant James Allardyce MM London Regiment
    Major Arthur Harold Bibby, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Patrick Dick Booth MC Royal Field Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Major Austin Hanbury Brown MC Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Frederick Arthur Montague Browning, Grenadier Guards
    Temp Captain Ferguson Fitton Carr-Harris MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Joseph Percy Castle, West Riding Regiment
    Temp Major Vernon Douglas Robert Conlan, Army Service Corps
    Major Anthony Courage MC Hussars
    Major Murray Heathneld Dendy MC Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant Andrew May Duthie, London Regiment
    Lieutenant William Maurice Evans, South Wales Borderers
    Captain Charles Robert Gerard, Grenadier Guards
    Captain Philip Mannock Glasier, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Tom Goodall, West Riding Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Guthrie Hallsmith, Suffolk Regiment
    Lieutenant John Steven Hamilton, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant John Eliot Hancock, Norfolk Regiment
    Captain James Francis Harter MC Royal Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Cyril Walter Holcroft, Worcestershire Regiment
    Captain Herbert Selwyn Jackson, West Riding Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William George James, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant William Joffe, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Captain Kenneth Alfred Johnston, Hampshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Spurin Knight, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Charles Robert Lucas, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant Alfred Cecil Lynn, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant John Francis Maginn, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Francis Morgan Mathias, Welsh Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James Thomas Byford McCudden MC General List, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Andrew Edward McKeever MC Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Major David Watts Morgan, Labour Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major The Honourable Thomas George
    Breadalbane TVtorgan-Grenville-Gavin MC Rifle Brigade
    Lieutenant Charles Stone Moxon, West Riding Regiment
    Major Sir Christopher William Nixon Bt Royal Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant James Partridge Notman, Seaforth Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Gerald O'Brien, Royal Munster Fusiliers
    Major Cecil Henry Pank, Middlesex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Paul MC West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James Peel MM Royal Fusiliers
    Major Gilbert Sandford Poole, Yeomanry
    Major Rowland Edward Power, East Kent Regiment
    Temp Major John Brenchley Rosher MC Durham Light Infantry
    Major Charles Frank Rundall, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Gray Russell, King Edward's Horse
    Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil John Herbert Spence-Jones, Yeomanry
    Major Charles Arthur Algernon Stidson MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major John Alexander Stirling MC Scots Guards
    Temp Major Leycester Penrhyn Storr, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant Gerald Fitzgerald-Stuart, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Edwin Tillotson, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Elliot Clarke Tuckey, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Arthur Upton, Wiltshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Lawton Warden, East Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant Guy Randolph Westmacott, Grenadier Guards
    Captain and Brevet Major Bevil Thomson Wilson, Royal Engineers

    Australian Imperial Force

    Major Alan Sinclair Durvall Barton, Army Medical Corps
    Major Thomas Harold Bird, Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Jaanes Jamison Black, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Brazenor, Infantry
    Major William Francis Noel Bridges, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Samuel Roy Burston, Army Medical Corps
    Major David Duncan Jade, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Gordon Carter, Pioneer Battalion
    Major Richard Gardiner Casey MC Infantry
    Major Clement Lorne Chapman, Army Medical Corps
    Major Alexander Chisholm, Light Horse Regiment
    Major Walter Churchus, Field Artillery
    Major Eric Winfield Connelly, Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel James Montague Christian Corlette, Engineers
    Major John Joseph Corngan, Infantry
    Major Tannatt William Edgeworth David CMG Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Joihn Stevens Davidson, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Michael Henry Downey, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Dowse, Staff
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edmund Alfred Drake Broekman CMG Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard Oscar Charles Duggan, Infantry
    Major Percy Malcolm Edwards, Field Artillery
    Major William Gordon Farquhar, Engineers
    Major Hubert Cedric Ford, Infantry
    Major William Reginald Rogers Ffrench MC Machine Gun Corps
    Major Vivian Harold Gatliff, Field Artillery
    Major Richard Stewart Gee, Field Artillery
    Captain Henry James Hill Glover, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Arthur Goddard, Infantry
    Major John Leslie Hardie, General List
    Major James Douglas Henry, Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Edward Herrod, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Alexander Henderson, Pioneer Battalion
    Major Max Henry, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Major Basil Holmes, Infantry
    Colonel Alexander Jobson, Infantry
    Major Robert Kerr, Provost Company
    Major William Selwyn King, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Giffard Hamilton Macarthur King CMG Field Artillery
    Major Robert Edward Jackson, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Dudley Lavarack, Artillery
    Major Frederick Washington Lawson, Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Dundas Keith Macartney, Field Artillery
    Major Patrick John McCormack, Field Artillery
    Major Roy Stanley McGregor, Army Medical Corps
    Major Louis Evander McKenzie, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Major Charles Francis Minagall, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Wesley Mitchell, Infantry
    Major David Henry Moore, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Henry Moseley, Army Medical Corps
    Major Edric Noel Mulligan, Australian Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Simpson Newland, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Creer Nome, Infantry
    Major Edwin Andrew Olding, Field Artillery
    Major John Joseph Power, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar Maurice Ralph, General List
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Arthur Read, Infantry
    Major John Dalyell Richardson, Light Horse Regiment
    Major Harold William Riggall, Field Artillery
    Major Septimus Godorphin Rowe, Field Artillery
    Major Edward Irvine Charles Scott, Pioneer Battalion
    Major Herbert James Shannon, Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Joseph Lexden Shellshear, Field Artv
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Charles Francis Slane, Infantry
    Major Dudley Wallace Arabin Smith, Light Horse Regiment
    Major William Smith, Provost Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Stansfield, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Mitchell Young Stewart, Army Medical Corps
    Major Harold Bourne Taylor, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Hopkins Thwaites, Army Medical Service
    Major Claude John Tozer, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Venables Vernon, Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Ernest Wassell, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Morgan Williams, Light Horse Regiment
    Major Henry James Williams, Army Medical Corps
    Major Eric Arundel Wilton, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Percy William Woods MC Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Raff Woolcock, Infantry
    Major Malwyn Hayley à Beckett, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Murray William James Bourchier, Light Horse Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Donald Cameron, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain George Vernon Davies, Army Medical Corps
    Captain Robert Derwent Dixon, Australian Infantry
    Major Cuthbert Murchison Fetherstonhaugh, Light Horse Regiment
    Major Reginald Norris Franklin, Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Oswald Henderson, Infantry
    Major Eric Montague Hyman, Light Horse Regiment
    Major James Lawson, Light Horse Regiment
    Major Leslie Herbert Payne, Infantry
    Major Jeremiah Charles Selmes, Field Artillery
    Major Roy Meldrum Thompson MC Field Artillery

    Canadian Force

    Captain Samuel Buttrey Birds MC Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Allison Hart Borden, Infantry
    Major Alexander Grant, Infantry
    Major John Alexander McEwan, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Andrew George Latta McNaughton, Field Artillery
    Major Frederick Jackson Alderson, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Carleton Woodford Allen, Pioneer Battalion
    Major Alexander Alderson Anderson, Engineers
    Major Thomas Victor Anderson, Engineers
    Major Alfred Turner Bazin, Army Medical Corps
    Major Percy George Bell, Army Medical Corps
    Major Charles Corbishley Bennett, Infantry
    Major Robert Bickerdike, Infantry
    Major Alfred Sidney Buttenshaw, Ordnance Company
    Lieutenant-Colonel Glen Campbell, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Percy Clark MC Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick Fieldhouse Clarke, Railway Troops
    Major George Alton Cline, Engineers
    Major Frederick Thomas Coghlan, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Kennedy Cornwall, Railway Troops
    Major Ian Laurie Crawford, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Edgar Davey, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Harold Dickson, Army Medical Corps
    Major Robert Loggie Masterson Donaldson, Ordnance Company
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Badenoch Donnelly, Forestry Company
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Henry Pferinger Elkins, Horse Artillery
    Major Thomas Francis Elmitt, Infantry
    Temp Major Royal Lindsay Hamilton Ewing MC Infantry
    Major James Johnston Fraser, Army Medical Corps
    Major Thomas Gibson, Labour Battalion
    Major Edward Crosby Goldie, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Atholl Edwin Griffin, Railway Troops
    Temp Major The Honourable Francis Egerton Grosvenor MC Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Edwin Gerald Hanson, Field Artillery
    Major Edward Montgomery Harris, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Henry Harrison, Field Artillery
    Major Harry Cecil Hatch, Infantry
    Major Halfdan Fenton Harboe Hertzberg MC Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Chilion Longley Hervey, Railway Troops
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Rapelje Hill, Infantry
    Major Walter Court Hyde, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Chalmers Johnston MC Mounted Rifles
    Major George Knight Killam, Infantry
    Major Charles Ernest King, Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas McCrae Leask, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Bethune Lindsay CMG Engineers
    Major Edison Franklin Lynn MC Engineers
    Major William Broder McTaggart, Field Artillery
    Major Donald John Macdonald MC Cavalry
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Brodie Lauder Macdonald, Railway Troops
    Major Frederick Thomas McKean, Army Service Corps
    Captain William Gordon MacKendrick, Engineers
    Major James Frederick McParland, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Kirwan Craufurd Martin, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Lawrence Thomas Martin, Railway Troops
    Major Robert Frank Massie, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Arthur Clinton Maund, Infantry and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Lionel Herbert Millen, Infantry
    Lieutenant Frederick Frank Minchin MC Infantry, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    Major Percival John Montague MC Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Hill Moodie, Railway Troops
    Major John Aubrey Morphy, Pioneer Battalion
    Major George Sidney Mothersill, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Joseph Francis Murphy, Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Robert Henry Neeland, Labour Company
    Major Daniel Jerome O'Donahoe, Infantry
    Captain Garnet Lehrle Ord, Pioneer Battalion
    Major Richard Francis Parkinson, Infantry
    Major Eric Pepler, Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Ayre Peters, Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Downey Pitman, Ordnance Company
    Major Alan Torrence Powell, Infantry
    Lieutenant Kenneth Alan Ramsay, Railway Troops
    Major James Sabiston Rankin, Infantry
    Major Clifford Hamilton Reason, Army Medical Corps
    Major William Roy Reirdon, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Blair Ripley, Railway Troops
    Major Donald Edward Allan Rispin, Infantry
    Major Robert Percy Rogers, Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Sclater, Infantry
    Captain Morris Alexander Scott, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Samuel Simpson Sharpe, Infantry
    Major John Ham Sills, Infantry
    Major Henry Denne St. Alban Smith, Engineers
    Captain Richard Winslow Stayner MC Mounted Rifles
    Major Henry Arthur Stewart, Army Service Corps
    Major Cecil Valentine Stockwell, Field Artillery
    Major Joseph Murray Syer, Field Artillery
    Captain David Sobey Tamblyn, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Major Harold Lyndridge Trotter, Engineers
    Temp Colonel John Burton White, Forestry Corps
    Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel Rev. Albert William Woods, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Major Gordon Harold Aikins, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Walter Hartley Burgess, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Angus Cameron, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Francis Jamieson, Infantry
    Lieutenant Hector Kennedy, Infantry
    Major William Thewles Lawless, Infantry
    Lieutenant Ronald Frederick Macnaghten, Infantry
    Captain Ronald Wilfred Pearson MC Infantry
    Major Harold Murchinson Savage, Field Artillery
    Captain William Keating Walker MC Machine Gun Corps
    Major William Douglas Wilson, Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Harvey Gordon Young, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Archibald Stirling Kennedy Anderson MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Rupert Henry Anderson-Morshead, Devonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Duncan Gus Baillie, Yeomanry
    Major Walter Agar Thomas Barstow MC Royal Field Artillery
    Major Richard Maul Birkett, Royal Sussex Regiment, attd. Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Captain James Thornely Bowman MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Henry Fergusson Brace, Hussars
    Temp Captain John Edouard Marsdeu Bromley, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Jackson Cameron, South Staffordshire Regiment, attd. Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Major James Francis Fraser-Tytler, Yeomanry, attd. Cameron Highlanders
    Temp Captain Howard Boyd Graham MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Ernest Henderson, London Regiment
    Captain and Brevet Major Henry Francis
    Leonard Hilton-Green MC Gloucestershire Regiment, attd. A.C. Corps
    Lieutenant Percy Frank Knightley, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Arthur McDougall, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Herbert Dryden Home Yorke Nepean, Indian Army
    Major John Gordon Rees, Yeomanry, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Robert Thin Craig Robertson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Richard Adair Rochfort MC Royal Warwickshire Regiment, attd. Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Captain Alan Patrick Rodgerson, Indian Army
    Major Leigh Pemberton Stedall, Yeomanry
    Major Gerald Gane Thatcher, Royal Garrison Artillery, attd. Royal Field Artillery
    Captain and Brevet Major Gerald Lawrence Uniacke, Royal Lancaster Regiment

    Newfoundland Force

    Captain Bertram Butler MC Newfoundland Regiment

    New Zealand Force

    Lieutenant-Colonel Stephen Shepherd Allen, Infantry
    Major Frederick Cameron MB New Zealand Medical Corps
    Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Burnet Charters CMG Infantry
    Major William Oliver Ennis, Pioneers Major David John Gibbs, Engineers
    Major Halbert Cecil Glendining, Field Artillery
    Major Edward James Hulbert, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant-Colonel James Neil McCarroll, Mounted Rifles
    Major John McCare, Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel George Mitchell, Infantry
    Major Donald Sinclair Murchison, Mounted Rifles
    Major Clarence Nathaniel Newman, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Treweck Hand-Newton MD FRCS New Zealand Medical Corps
    Major Edward Puttick, Rifle Brigade
    Temp Major Harry McKellar White Richardson MC Rifle Brigade
    Major James Macdonald Richmond MC Field Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Amos Row, Infantry
    Major James Stafford, New Zealand Veterinary Corps
    Major Alan Duncan Stitt MC Infantry
    Major Hugh Vickerman, Engineers
    Lieutenant-Colonel Claude Horace Weston, Infantry

    South African Force

    Temp Major Charles Agnew Anderson, South African Water Supply Corps
    Temp Major Thomas William Armitage, South African Service Corps
    Temp Major George Edwin Brink, South African Force
    Major Peter Skinner Clarke, South African Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Harry Blew, Heavy Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ewan Christian, Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Richard Collins, Engineers
    Major Fred Haselden, Infantry
    Major Theophilus Edward Liefeldt, Native Labour Corps
    Major John James Mulvey, Pioneer Battalion
    Temp Captain Hugh Brindley Owen MB Uganda Medical Service
    Brigadier-General William Ernest Collins Tanner CMG Infantry
    Major David Morris Tomory, South African Medical Corps
    Captain Charles Frederick Bernard Viney, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Blackwood Ward MB South African Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Gilbert Neville Williams, South African Forces

Awarded a Bar to the Distinguished Service Order (DSO*)[edit]

    Commander William Marshall DSO RD Royal Naval Reserve
    Major William Nathaniel Stuart Alexander DSO Connaught Rangers
    Captain and Brevet Major Michael George Henry Barker DSO Lincolnshire Regiment
    Major Thomas Andrew Dunlop Best DSO Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain and Brevet Major John Dopping Boyd DSO Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Henry Dowden DSO MC King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major Archibald Jenner Ellis DSO Border Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Gaspard de Lavalette Ferguson DSO attd. Norfolk Regiment
    Major Marmion Carr Ferrers-Guy DSO Lancashire Fusiliers
    Major Ronald Foster Forbes DSO Highland Light Infantry
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Sidney Goodall Francis DSO West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Malise Anne Graham DSO Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Major William Green DSO Royal Highlanders
    Temp Captain James Robertson Campbell Greenlees DSO MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Cecil Champagne Herbert-Stepney DSO King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Graeme Higgins DSO Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Major Clifford Hill DSO East African Mounted Rifles
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Thomas Dare Jackson Bt MVO DSO Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Captain and Brevet Major Alexander Colin Johnston DSO MC Worcestershire Regiment
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Fraser Campbell Maclachlan DSO King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Major Samuel McDonald DSO Gordon Highlanders
    Major Reginald George Maturin DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Major Arthur Maxwell DSO London Regiment
    Major Herbert Milward Milward DSO Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Major Noel Ernest Money DSO Shropshire Yeomanry
    Major Hubert Horatio Shirley Morant DSO Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Ronald Ernest Murray DSO British South Africa Police
    Temp Major Sholto Stuart Ogilvie DSO Wiltshire Regiment
    Major George Parsons DSO British South Africa Police
    Temp Lieutenant-Colonel Warren John Peacocke DSO Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Major William Moore Bell Sparkes DSO Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain and Brevet Major Gerald Lawrence Uniacke DSO Royal Lancaster Regiment, and 2nd Nigeria Regiment
    Captain Lancelot Edward Seth Ward DSO late Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Major and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Donald Munro Watt DSO Gurkha Rifles, Indian Army
    Captain and Brevet Major Bertram Charles Maximilian Western DSO East Lancashire Regiment
    Major Stuart Lumley Whatford DSO Yorkshire Regiment
    Major Thomas Edmund Palmer Wickham DSO Royal Artillery
    Captain Frank Worthington DSO MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Major Kenneth Duncan DSO Royal Field Artillery
    Major George Scott Jackson DSO Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Surgeon William James McCracken DSO MC MB RN
    Major Horace Somerville Sewell DSO Dragoon Guards
    Major Baptist Johnson Barton DSO Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel Guy Archibald Hastings Beatty DSO Indian Cavalry
    Major Alfred Morey Boyall DSO West Yorkshire Regiment
    Major Hugh Annesley Gray-Cheape DSO Yeomanry
    Major John Hardress-Lloyd DSO Tank Corps
    Captain Charles Hervey Hoare DSO Yeomanry
    Captain Edward Darby Jackson DSO King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Temp Major Charles Kennett James DSO Border Regiment
    Major George Knowles DSO Indian Cavalry
    Arthur Campden Little DSO Hussars
    Major Arthur Mordaunt Mills DSO Indian Cavalry
    Major Arthur Carr Osburn DSO Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Frederick Plunkett DSO MC DCM Royal Irish Regiment
    Captain Geoffrey Taunton Raikes DSO South Wales Borderers

    Australian Imperial Force

    Lieutenant-Colonel William Grant DSO Australian Light Horse
    Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas John Todd DSO Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Reginald John Albert Travers DSO Infantry

    Canadian Force

    Lieutenant-Colonel Denis Colburn Draper DSO Mounted Rifles Battalion
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Mervyn Prower DSO Infantry
    Lieutenant-Colonel John Munro Ross DSO Infantry
    Major Lawrence Vincent Moore Cosgrave DSO Canadian Artillery
    Lieutenant-Colonel William Wasbrough Foster DSO Canadian Infantry
    Major George Waters MacLeod DSO Canadian Infantry
    Major Hugh Wilderspin Niven DSO MC Canadian Infantry

    New Zealand Force

    Lieutenant-Colonel George Augustus King DSO Canterbury Regiment
    Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Stewart DSO Canterbury Regiment
    Lieutenant Colonel James Henry Whyte DSO Wellington Mounted Rifles

Awarded a Second Bar to the Distinguished Service Order (DSO**)[edit]

    Temp Lieutenant-Commander Arthur Holland Asquith DSO* Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve

Military Cross (MC)[edit]

    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Edgar Victor William Ablett, Army Cyclist Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Walter Murray Ablewhite, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Eric Pearson Adair, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant George Alexander Findlay Adam, Yeomanry
    Captain Robert Adam, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Captain Reginald Addenbrooke-Prout, General List, and Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Harry Adshead, Worcestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Philip Henry Adshead, Gordon Highlanders
    Company Sergeant Major George Alexander Aiers, Grenadier Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Ralph Bower Ainsworth, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Flockart Aitken, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Jack Phillips Akerman, Somerset Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Denis William Aldridge, Royal Engineers
    Captain Charles Adam Murray Alexander Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Charles William Allen, Royal Artillery
    Captain Clarence George Allen, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Daniel Frank Allen, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Edward Allen, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Battery Sergeant Major Edward Allen, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Ernest Mortimer Allen, Hampshire Regiment
    Temp Captain George William Graham Allen, Tank Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Walter Allfrey, Royal Horse Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major Frank Allsopp, North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Herbert Alnwick, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Haik Riddall Altounyan MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain John Goldwell Ambrose, Royal Engineers
    Captain William Gerald Ambrose Cheshire Regiment, and Nigeria Regiment
    Captain Francis Sainthill Anderson, Royal Horse Artillery
    Lieutenant George Frederick Anderson, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant James Elphinstone Bocquet Anderson, Liverpool Regiment
    Captain John George Anderson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Aubrey Claude Anderton, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant James Edward Hill Anderton, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain James Collingwood Andrews, London Regiment
    Captain Herbert William Andrews, Leinster Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Stuart Andrews, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Captain Arthur Stanley Angwin, Royal Engineers
    Captain John Archibald Angus, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Captain George Henry Anon, Yeomanry
    Captain Philip Humphrey Antrobus, Irish Guards
    Captain Robert Weniyss Muir Arbuthnot, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant David Archibald, Royal Highlanders
    Temp Captain Robert Richmond Archibald MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain John Thompson Argent, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Charles William Arnett, Army Ordnance Depot
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Francis Arrowsmith, Liverpool Regiment
    Captain Harold Garten Ash, London Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant William James Asher, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Captain Peter Ashton, Herefordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant George Ashwell, Tank Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Kenneth Ingham Aspinall, Norfolk Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Vivien Lindsey Aspland, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Archibald Matthew Neal Aston, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Fred Atkinson, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Corbett Atkinson, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Albert Henry Austin, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Captain Thomas Aveling, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Edmund Portman Awdry, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Ronald Ayers, Welsh Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Evelyn Frederick Bacon, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Lionel Ashley Baddeley, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George Norman Bagley, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Edward Kerwia Bagot, Connaught Rangers
    Captain William Browne Bagshaw, Manchester Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major Arthur Bailey, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Charles Bailey, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant John Wallis Bailey, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Andrew Ramsay Bain, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant Lewis Bam, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Captain Anthony Hugh Bambridge, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Septimus Baines, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain George Philip Baines, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain John Hardcastle Baines, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Cecil Avery Baker, South Wales Borderers
    Temp Captain Geoffrey Lewis Vashon Baker, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Percy Lionel Balcombe, Royal Engineers
    Captain Edward William Sturgis Balfour DSO Dragoon Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Hugh Ball, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant George Henry Ball, Royal Garrison Artillery, Spec. Reserve
    Quartermaster and Temp Honorary Lieutenant John Thomas Ball, Manchester Regiment
    Rev. Robert Wilfred Balleine, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Hugh Gordon Bambridge, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Harold Bancroft, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Edgar Lance Banfield, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Temp Captain John Wilson Bansall, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Francis James Neville Barber, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant Leonard William Barber, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, attd. Machine Gun Company
    Captain John Hamilton Barbor, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William John Barclay, London Regiment
    Temp Captain William Keith Barclay, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Edward Arthur Baring-Gould, Intelligence Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Herbert Barltrop, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Henry Kentish Barnes Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Percy Barnfather, Middlesex Regiment
    Captain Donald Gordon Barnsley, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant John Barnwell, Leinster Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant John Ashworth Barraclough, Royal Lancaster Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant James Barratt, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Gibbons Barrell, attd. Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry and Machine Gun Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Walter Richard Michael Barrett, Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry
    Captain Albert Henry Darley Barren, Infantry
    Acting Lieutenant Harold Eustace Barrow, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant John Nelson Barstow, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Bertram Friend Bartlett, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Clarence Townley Barton, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Martin Batchelor, King's African Rifles
    Lieutenant Alfred Bates, East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Fred Luntley Battershill, Royal Irish Rifles
    Lieutenant Ernest Edward Battle, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Percy Bayley, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Bayliss, Royal Scots
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Gerald Baynham, Tank Corps
    Temp Captain Eric Beadon, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Alan Beal, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Richmer Beall, South Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles William Beart, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain Charles Elles Stuart Beatson, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Robert Harvey Beaufoy, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Gerald Beaumont, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant John Somerville Beaumont, General List
    Temp Lieutenant Maurice James Beavis, Royal Artillery
    Captain James Geoffrey Brydon Beazley, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant Edward Overington Becher, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Beck, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Geoffrey Reid Arnett Beckett, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Clive Walter Beckingham, Royal Field Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major Robert Frederick Beckley, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Lieutenant James Robert Bedwell, Royal Garrison Artillery and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Reginald Francis Beech, Northamptonshire Regiment and Gold Coast Regiment
    Captain Ronald Philipps Glynn Begbie, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Anthony Harley Mark Bell, Hussars
    Lieutenant Douglas Ward Bell, Worcestershire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Henry James Bell, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Leonard Charles Bell, Royal Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Brian Maude Bellasis, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Gilbert Charles Beloe, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Edward Benoe-Trower, South Wales Borderers
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Wallace Benson, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Francis Riou Benson, Yeomanry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Norman de Mattes Bentwich, Special List
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Bennett, Royal Flying Corps
    Captain George de la Poer Beresford, Cavalry, Indian Army
    Rev. Harry Percy Berkeley, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Esmé Beranger Beauchamp Berrange, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant Jesse Dell Berndge, Royal Engineers
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant John Hulme Bessell, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Rev. John Kenneth Best, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Diavid Jardine Bethell, Scots Guards
    Battery Sergeant Major Edward Harold Bette, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain John Valentine Betts, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Alexander Braithwaite Bevan Bevan, Royal Engineers
    Captain Henry Vincent Bevington, London Regiment
    Captain Benjamin John Bewley, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Theophilus Beynon, General List
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant Henry Bibby, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Rev. Kenneth Julian Faithfull Bickersteth, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Arthur Bicknell, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Charles Leslie Pinckard Biggar, Hampshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Edward Hugh Bandloss, Headquarters, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Percy Carr Bird, Gordon Highlanders, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Oswald Hornby Joseph Birley, Intelligence Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Granville Baylis Powell Birtles, Royal Engineers
    Captain Thomas Edward Bisdee, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alfred Harold Bishop, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Frank Cyril Bishop, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Eric Bisset, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Leonard Frederick Bittles, Essex Regiment
    Lieutenant John Robert Black, Seaforth Highlanders
    Captain Norman Valentine Blacker, East Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant Leonard Anderson Blackball, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Captain Hans Frederick Blackwood, Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Edwin Norman Blake, Royal Field Artillery
    Honorary Lieutenant William Atherstone Blake, Intelligence Department
    Temp Captain John Edward Blakemore, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant George Frederick Blakesley, Special List
    Captain Owen Geoffrey Blayney, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Maurice Frederick Bliss, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Regimental Sergeant Major Josiah Bloomfield, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Roland Charles Biolmbroke, Suffolk Regiment
    Temp Captain Richard Bolton, West Riding Regiment
    Lieutenant James Ferguson Bomford, Worcestershire Regiment
    Rev. Basil Kendall Bond, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Thomas Booth, Connaught Rangers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Edward Fullerton Borrie, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Francis Sydney Boshell, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Philip Rutherford Boswell, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George Gerald Randall Bott, South Lancashire Regiment
    Rev. Aloysius M. Bouchier, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Donald Boumphrey, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant James Bourke, Leinster Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Robert Leonard Sowen, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Francis William Bowman, Nyasaland Field Force
    Lieutenant Gerald Wilberforce Bowman, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant William Everett Bowmass, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alfred Boacall, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Percy Boxall, Army Service Corps
    Captain John Francis Croft Boyes, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Franklin Bozman, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Lieutenant Philip Holmes Bradbury, Welsh Regiment
    Lieutenant Albert Bradley, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William James Bradley, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant William Lawrence Bragg, Royal Horse Artillery
    Lieutenant George Btraime, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Regimental Sergeant Major William George Brain, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Captain Champion Andrew Branfill, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant William Russell Brazier, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Charles Gordon Brentnall MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Douglas Lancelot Brereton, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Reginald de Renzie Brett, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Oswald George Breul, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Cecil Baron Briggs, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert George William Brinsley, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Harry Brissenden, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant John Jeffries Britten, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Frederick Britton, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur Vernon Broadbent, West Riding Regiment
    Captain Edgar Richard Broadbent, Hussars
    Captain Edric William Broadberry, Essex Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur Gordon Brock, East Kent Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major Edward Clarence Brock Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Cyril Elcomb Brockhurst, Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Patrick Tait Brodie, General List, King's African Rifles
    Lieutenant Godfrey Leveson Brooke-Hunt, Indian Army Reserve of Officers
    2nd Lieutenant William James Brooks, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Andrew Terras Brown, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Francis War burton Brown, Seaforth Highlanders
    Lieutenant Frank Cooper William Brown, Leinster Regiment
    Lieutenant John Brown, Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Niman Stewart Brown, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Orlando Moray Brown, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Harold Brown, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Stewart Charles Brown, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Walter James Brown, South Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Captain William Ernest Enron, South Wales Borderers
    Temp Lieutenant William Neilson Brown, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Captain William Rae Brown, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Cyril Edward Browne, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Edward Browne, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Percival Hugh Browne, Army Cyclist Corps
    Lieutenant Walter Robinson Brownell, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Frank Edwin Browning, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Selwyn Browning, West Riding Regiment
    Lieutenant Nevil Charles Dowell Brownjohn, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Alexander Livingstone Bruce, Reserve of Officers
    Lieutenant George Burnley Bruce, West Riding Regiment
    Lieutenant Dominick Nicholas Brunioardi, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Arthur Gilbert Bryant, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick George Bryant, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Herbert Disbrow Brydone-Jack, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain George Brymer, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Thomas Ogilvy Malcolm Buchan, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Walter Buchanan-Smith, Nigeria Regiment
    Temp Captain Sydney Thacker Buck, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Captain Charles Dudley Maybury Buckley, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain James Christopher Bull, West Riding Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Stanley Crossland Bullock, Royal Engineers
    Captain Sidney Waterfield Bunker, Royal Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Hanley Bunning, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Thomas George Deane Burdett, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Quartermaster and Temp Honorary Lieutenant Robert Douglas Burgess, Royal Fusiliers
    Rev. William Gaisford Burgis, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Harold French Burke, Royal Artillery
    Rev. Henry Beaumont F. Burnaby, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Hugh Hanton Burness, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain James Burnie, Liverpool Regiment
    Rev. Robert Francis Burrow, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alfred Edward Burrowes, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Charles Selss Burrows, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ralph Withers Burton, East Surrey Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Thomas Henry Burton, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant William Edgar Bush, Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Leslie Raymond Butlin, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Alick Byass, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant John Osmer Byrne, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Frederick Jonathan Bywater, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Felix Clement Vincent Digby Caillard, Somerset Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Francis Herbert Cairnes, Royal Field Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major Richard Martin Callendor, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Cam, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Alan Charles Cameron, Devonshire Regiment
    Temp Captain John Jackson Cameron, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Angus Campbell, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant George Campbell, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain George Maclean Campbell MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Herbert Campbell, General List
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Hugh Campbell, Royal Engineers
    Captain Norman Robertson Campbell, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Murray-Campigh, General List
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Cyril Victor Canning, Suffolk Regiment
    Captain Neil Canthe MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur Aloysius Carberry, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain Robert Holegate Cardwell, Royal Engineers
    Captain Arthur George Cardy, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Eric Carhart, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Alfred Edward Carr, Tank Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur Ralph Carr, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Leonard Carroll, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Borwood Carter, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant John Lovelace Carter, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Stanley Cyril Cartel, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant William Carter, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Captain Francis Xavier Shakeshaft Carus, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Reginald John Cash, North Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Richard Bewley Caton, Norfolk Regiment
    Temp Captain Leonard Arthur Cattley, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain George Caulfield, Highland Light Infantry
    Captain Frederick George Cavendish, Leinster Regiment
    Temp Captain Ronald de Bode Cazalet, Intelligence Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Percy John Cazes, General List, attd. Nyasaland Field Force
    Lieutenant Frank Chadwick, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Chalmers, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Reginald Percy Chamberlain, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Theodore Gervaise Sandeman Chamber, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Eric Adrian Charles Deschamps Chamier, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Alfred Leonard Chandler, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Cyril John Chandler, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Gay Dunston Channon, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Arthur Randolph Chapman, General List
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Sutherland Chapman, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant Godfrey Markhaon Charton, Intelligence Department
    Lieutenant Arthur James Child, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Corrie Denew Chase, Royal Irish Rifles
    Captain Francis Clervaux Chaytor, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Christie, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Charles William Christie, Scottish Rifles
    Captain Geoffrey Christie-Miller, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Arthur Church, Intelligence Department
    Temp Lieutenant Basil Hampden Church, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Valentine William Bland Church, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Ernest Swann Chuter, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Thomas Clapperton, East Kent Regiment
    Lieutenant Algernon Basil Clark, Royal Highlanders
    Captain Edmund Graham Clark, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Frederick William Clark, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Firstbrook Clarke, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Battery Sergeant Major James Clarke, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Paul Humphrey Clarke, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William Arthur Clarke, London Regiment
    Rev. Philip Thomas Byard Clayton, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Carleton Main Clement, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain Raymond George Heibert Clements, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Thomas Hartley Cleworth, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Clews, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Bertram Clifford, Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Lieutenant Edmund Henry Clokey, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Arthur Butler Clough, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Eric Hamifton Coad, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain William North Coates, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain James Stuart Coats, Coldstream Guards
    Temp Captain PeterCochran, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant James Aikman Cochrane, Royal Scots Fusiliers, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain Frederick Pepys Cockerell, Special List
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Heibert Colebrook, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Herbert Cecil Coleman, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Lieutenant Lewis Coleman, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Ernest Alfred Coles, London Regiment
    Captain James Collioun, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Cecil Bernard Romer Collenette, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Angus Lyell Collier, Cameron Highlanders
    Lieutenant Samuel Collier, Cheshire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain William Ttegonwell Collier, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Rev. Ignatius Collins, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain John Gordon Collins, Worcestershire Regiment, and Nigeria Regiment
    Honorary Lieutenant Edward Oliver Collison, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant Francas John Colston, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Christopher Comely, Monmouthshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant George William Coney, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain William MaitLand Congreve, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Clifford Edward Constable, King Edward's Horse
    Rev. Daniel Conway, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Frederick Charles Cook, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain BrianKennedy Cooke, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Rav Henry Robert Cooke, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain John Campbell Cooke, General List
    Temp Lieutenant John Harbourne Cooke, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Ronald Campbell Cooke, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Henry Guy Cooper, Indian Army Reserve of Officers
    Temp Lieutenant Ralph Cooper, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Robert William Cooper, General List
    Captain Walter Cooper, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant John Coote, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Captain Charles Cope, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant George Arnold Cope, attd. Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Hugh Tithe Copinger-Hill, Suffolk Regiment
    Lieutenant Leonard Cordingley, West Riding Regiment
    Lieutenant William Myles Fenton Corry, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Alexander Kirkpatrick Cosgrave MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Thomas Joseph Costello MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Rev. James Aloysius Cotter, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Company Sergeant Major Sidney Herbert Court, Coldstream Guards
    Temp Lieutenant Stephen Lewis Courtaud, Worcestershire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Rev. Félix Couturier, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant John Cowan, Royal Scots
    Lieutenant Walham Alexander Cowan, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant John Ignatius William Cowgill, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles John Cowley, Welsh Regiment
    Captain Victor Leopold Spencer Cowley, Royal Irish Rifles, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Eric Cowlishaw, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain Arthur Leslie Cowtan, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Alfred Hope Gordon Cox, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Captain Lionel Howard Cox, Gloucestershire Regiment and Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant William Hofmeyr Craib, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Robert Ritchie Craig, Border Regiment
    Captain Thomas Edgar Craik, Yorkshire Light Infantry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Cranage, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Tennyson Cranswick, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Sidney Cranswick, Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Alan Edzle Crawford, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain John Risdon Murdoch Crawford, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Richard William Bunney Crawford-Clarke, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Stanley William Francis Crofts, London Regiment
    Temp Captain James Adrian Crombie, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Harold Powell Crosland, Yeomanry
    Temp Captain Alfred Frank Cross, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Max Cross, Suffolk Regiment
    Lieutenant Maurice Edmund Crossland, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Francis Harrie Crouch, Lancashire Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Crouch, Leicestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas Alexander Crozier, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Captain Hugh Ellis Davies Cullen, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain James Crossley Cunningham, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas John Cunnison, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Elliott Bailhe Currie, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant John Ralph Willoughby Curtois, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Robert Frederick Cuthbert, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Francis George Cutts, Royal Engineers
    Captain Terence Joseph Daintith, Indian Postal Service
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Dale, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Lieutenant Charles Dalton, Royal Fusiliers
    Lieutenant James Naughton Dandie, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Reginald George Dianks, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Henry Herbert Darby, Rifle Brigade
    Lieutenant Alexander Spears Darrooh, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James Daxroch, Liverpool Regiment
    Captain Richard Charles Gordon Dartfard, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Galbon Darwin, Unattd. List
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Allan Orme Davenport, East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Captain Arthur Henry Davenport, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Geoirge Brooking Davey, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Captain John Poison Davidson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Davie, Royal Scots
    Captain Thomas McNaughbon Davie, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Arthur Rowland Davies, Royal Engineers
    Captain Henry Davies, Royal Engineers
    Captain Henry David Kingsley Davies, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Captain James Henry Davies, General List
    Company Sergeant Major Tom Davies, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Alexander Horace-Davis, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Howard John Vaisey Davis, Army Service Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant James Davis, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain James Frederick Davison, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Regimental Sergeant Major John James Dawkins, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Samuel Dawson, Royal Artillery
    Rev. Henry Cyril Day, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Julian Day, Yeomanry
    Captain Richard Day, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Ernest Betton Deakin, Essex Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Albert Gardner Dean, South Lancashire Regiment
    Sergeant Major David Edward Dean, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Harold Dean, Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Colin Hermann Deane, Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Captain Henry Speldewinde de Boer, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain George Dekin, Royal Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Victor Shore de Fleurriet Delaforce, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Delves, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Rev. Henry Demaison, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Jacob Demeza, London Regiment
    Temp Captain George Barlow Dempsey, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain James Arthur Dermot Dempsey, Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Percival Barr Denison, Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Captain Raymond Hugh Denman, Royal Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Henry Denne, Wiltshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Frederick Stephenson Dent, Army Cyclist Corps
    Captain John Finlay Dew, Scottish Rifles, Spec. Reserve
    Lieutenant Gerald Knocker Dibb, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Charles Dice, Dorsetshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Robert Dickie, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant Norman Ernest Valentine Dicks, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Larimer Dickson, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain Ian Dunbar Dickson MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Richard Wale Gordon Dill, Life Guards
    Captain William Alfred Dimoline, East Surrey Regiment
    Captain Sydney Cecil William Disney, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Philip Dix, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Temp Captain Oswald Dixon, East African Vet Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Leonard Price Dobbin, Royal Irish Rifles
    Company Sergeant Major Walter Harry Dobson, Machine Gun Guards
    Temp Captain John Freeman Dodd, Durham Light Infantry
    Rev. Rowland Pocock Dodd, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Peter Doig, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant William Donald MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant Richard Donaldson, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Temp Captain Francis Donnelly, Royal Engineers
    Captain Gordon Huxley Donnelly, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Cyril Bernard Donovan, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Thomas Donovan, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Edward Doolan, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant George Vibert Douglas, Royal Engineers, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Percy Gordon Douglas, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant William George Dove, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Lieutenant John William Downes, Yeomanry
    Captain Walter Douglas Downes, Royal Sussex Regiment and Nigeria Regiment
    Temp Captain Frederick Joseph Downey, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Sidney Downing, Devonshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Aubrey Osier Dowson, Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Dinham Drew, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Percy Frederick Drew, Royal Sussex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Driver, West Riding Regiment
    Temp Captain Godfrey Rolles Driver, Graves Regn. Unit
    Lieutenant John Christopher Druce, East Surrey Regiment
    Captain John Ebenezer Drysdale, Army Service Corps
    Captain Thomas Gerard du Buisson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain George Vernon Dudley, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Gordon Duff, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Granville John Burnley Duff, Norfolk Regiment
    Lieutenant Walter Geoffrey Dugdale, Yeomanry
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Hare Dugmore, King's African Rifles
    Temp Captain Reginald George Fitzroy Dumaresq, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Carlyle MacGregor Dunbar, late Hussars
    Company Sergeant Major David Duncan, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Captain Hugn Stewart Duncan, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Lancelot Duncan, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Henry Dunkley, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas William Edgar Dunkley, Dorsetshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Patrick Dunne, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Frederick Eustace Dunsmuir, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant James Gordon Durham, General List
    2nd Lieutenant Donald James Duthie, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Andrew Marshall Duxbury, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Harry Dymore, Royal Scots
    2nd Lieutenant Eric Eadie, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Charles Henry Eagles, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant Henry Parslow Eames, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Leonard Eastmead, Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Edmund Eastwood, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant John Patrick Echlin, Royal Engineers
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant Charles James Eddolls, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Lieutenant Ivan John Edell, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain John Green Edgar, Officers Training Corps, empld. Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Arthur Wayman Edwards, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Captain Bartle Mordaunt Marsham Edwards, Rifle Brigade
    2nd Lieutenant John Wesley Edwards, Yeomanry
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant Robert Henry Edwards, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Richard Huyshe Eliot, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Joseph Haslett Elliott MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Rev. Ernest Sayer Ellis, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Norman Thomas Ellis, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Arthur David Ellison, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant James Frederick Ellison, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Staff Sergeant Major Alexander Ellwood, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Herbert Emerson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Charles Arthur Emery, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant James Esmonde, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Company Sergeant Major Charles Martin Estall, East Surrey Regiment
    Captain Emerys Hunter Evans, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Captain William Henry Evans, General List, Nyasaland Field Force
    Temp Captain William Herbert Evans, Northamptonshire Regiment
    Temp Captain William Martin Evans, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Arthur Charles Tarver Evanson, East Surrey Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Peicy Briant Everett, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Captain John Fullerton Evetts, Scottish Rifles
    Temp Captain William Alfred Evetts, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Chetwode Percy Evill, Indian Army Reserve of Officers
    Temp Captain Brian Walter Fagan, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Gerald Watson Failes, Norfolk Regiment
    Captain Leslie John Fairchild, Wiltshire Regiment
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Robert Fairley, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Greame Ogilvie Fairlie, Machine Gun Corps
    Rev. George Moncur Fairweather, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Charles Gower Fannin, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Cecil Graham Farquharson, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Francis Archibald Farquharson, Indian Army Reserve of Officers
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Berresf ord Fawcett, Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Halifax Feggetter, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Robert Humphrey Feilden, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant John George Fielder, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Rev. John Green Fenn, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Alexander Ferguson Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Temp Captain John Caldwell Fergusson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Company Sergeant Major Frank Field, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Filkins, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Richard Finch, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Frederick Wilham Findlay, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant Hugh Carswell Findlay, King's African Rifles
    Lieutenant John Francis Finn, Essex Regiment
    Captain Arthur Claude Finnimore, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Joseph Firth, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Sydney Howard Fish, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Henry Cecil-Fisher, Middlesex Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Edwin William Conquest Flavell, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Charles Ernest Fleischl, Army Service Corps
    Captain Basil Lindley Fletcher, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain The Honourable Hugh Lawrence Fletcher Moulton, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Hugh Flint, Hampshire Regiment
    Captain Basil Edward Floyd, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Richard Cunningham Foot, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Henry Norman Forbes, Lancers
    Temp Captain Edward Maurice Ford, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Harry Edward Richard Ford, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain John Meredith Randle Ford, Indian Army
    Captain Henry Marshall Fordham, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Eric Ford-Jones, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Richmond Forster, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Bernard Theobald Foss, Middlesex Regiment
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Harry William Foster, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp Captain Henry William Berkely Foster, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Cuthbert Lloyd Fox, Royal Engineers
    Captain Harold Fox, London Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Douglas Foxley Foxwell, Rifle Brigade
    Lieutenant Hugh Douglas Peregrine Francis, Yeomanry
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Alfred Frank, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Thomas Alderman Franklin, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Joseph Nicholson Franks, Border Regiment
    Temp Captain Angus Alexander Fraser, Army Service Corps
    Captain Andrew Knowles Fraser, Seaforth Highlanders
    Captain Cecil Fraser, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Gilbert Fraser, Royal Engineers
    Captain Simon Fraser, Royal Scots
    Captain Cecil Rayner Freeman, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Company Sergeant Major Esau John Fremlm, Grenadier Guards
    Rev. Reginald French, Royal Army Chaplains' Department, Lancashire Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant George Whitely Frend, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Jasper Gray Frere, Suffolk Regiment attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Oliver Harry Frost, Middlesex Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    Captain John Sidney Fulton, Lancashire Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Horace John Furminger, Border Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Guy Gaden, Connaught Rangers
    Lieutenant Geoffrey Holroyd Gadsden, Northamptonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant James Winton Garden, Royal Highlanders, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant George Dudley Gardner, Yorkshire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Percy George Garon, Army Service Corps
    Battery Sergeant Major Charles Henry Garraway, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Frank Harrold Garraway, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Edwin Garrison, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Battery Sergeant Major Edward Garton, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant John Arthur Gascoyne-Cecil, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Hubert Douglas Gaunt, King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Captain Arthur William Gaze, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Francis Stanley Gedye, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Nicholas Geldard, West Riding Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Harold Marriot Gell, Royal Engineers
    Captain James Dunlop Gemmill, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Horace, George, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Lawrence Unthank Geraty, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Lord Frederick John Gerard, Royal Horse Guards
    Temp Captain Robert Gibbon, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Frederick Gibbons, London Regiment
    Temp Captain William Percy Gibbons, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Gibbs, Welsh Guards
    Rev. Andrew Gibson, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Prosser Gibson, Royal Engineers
    Captain Colin William George Gibson, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Gray Gosling Gilbert, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Fleming Gilkison, Royal Field Artillery
    Acting Captain Donald Gill, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Rev. Robert Gillenders, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant John Gillespie, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain William John Gilpm, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Colin Macdonald Gilray, Rifle Brigade
    2nd Lieutenant Rudolf Gjertsen, Essex Regiment
    Temp Captain Keith Stewart Murray Gladstone, General List
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Arthur Ernest Glass, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John McGowan Glen, Royal Scots, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Manwell Alexander Burns Glen Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Charles Edward Glenn, York & Lancaster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Earnshaw Glentonr Welsh Regiment
    Lieutenant John Bagot Glubb, Royal Engineers
    Captain Ralph George Campbell Glyn, Rifle Brigade
    Captain Robert Trevor Wallace-Glynn, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Ernest Gordon Godfrey, London Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Howard Godfrey, Army Service Corps
    Captain Leslie Guy Gold, Hertfordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Claude John Dashwood Goldie, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Kenneth Thackeray Gooch, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Norton Butler Napier Good, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Tom Goodall, West Riding Regiment
    Captain Eric Whitlock Goodman, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Edward, Gordon, Royal Army Medical Corps, Royal Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant Grahame Massey Gordon, Royal Engineers
    Captain Ronald Eagleson Gordon, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Leonard Gorringe, General List
    Captain Hugh Henry Eyre Gosset, Royal Engineers
    Captain Philip Gottwaltz, South Wales Borderers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Patrick Goudy, Royal Highlanders
    Lieutenant Claud Goulder, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Arnold Charles Gover, Indian Army
    2nd Lieutenant Charles James Graham, London Regiment
    Captain Douglas Alexander Henry Graham, Scottish Rifles
    Temp Captain John Gibson Graham, Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Richard Grand, Norfolk Regiment
    Lieutenant Clarence Welham Grange, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Frederick Grant, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Jokn Grant, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant John Robert Grant, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Stuart Grant, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Francis Wiltshire Grant, Royal Engineers
    Captain David Logan Gray, Scottish Rifles
    2nd Lieutenant Roderick Hubert Gray, Royal Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Frederick Charles Green, Intelligence Corps
    Captain Frederick James Green MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Charles Green, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Wilfrid Arthur Greene, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Hugh Martin Greener, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Norman Greenslade, Devonshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Wilfrid Greensmith, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Captain William Foster Greenwood, Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain William Wells Greer MD FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Ernest Walter Gregory, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Joseph Grellis, Border Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Grey, General List, Rhodesia National Regiment
    Lieutenant Walter Barrett Joseph Grey, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William Stanley Grice, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain James Henry Grieve, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain John Cauldwell Grieve, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Cyril Cobham Griffith, Hampshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Cyril John Ivor Griffith, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Gordon Grift Griffiths, Unatt. List, Royal Artillery
    Temp Captain Kenyon Boxwell Griffith-Williams, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Sydney Alfred Groom, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Stewart Jewell Grose, Royal Field Artillery
    Rev. St. John Beverly Groser, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Edward Julian Groves, Cheshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Humphrey Halgrim Grundtvig, Leicestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Thomas Reginald Grylls, Leicestershire Regiment
    Captain Stanley Edward Gudgeon, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Richard Noel Guest, Royal Artillery
    Captain Haji Sulaiman Gulam-hossein Haji, Indian Medical Service
    Temp Lieutenant Eric McEvoy Gunning, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Derrick Wellesley Gunston, Irish Guards
    Temp Captain William Ernest Gurry, Royal Engineers
    Captain Ivan Douglas Guthrie, Cavalry, Indian Army
    Lieutenant Kenneth Malcolm Guthrie, Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Bernard Gordon Guy, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain John Richard Gwyther, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain Leonard Leith Hadley MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Eustace Charles Hagen, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Gordon Stewart Haggle, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Ernest Frank Hailstone, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Leslie Robert Halford, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Captain Montague Walter Halford, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Captain Allan Gordon Hall, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Cecil William Hall, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Lionel Cuthbert Hall, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Reginald Clifford Hall, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Captain Ronald Owen Hall, General List
    Lieutenant Robert Victor Hall, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Frederick Plassey Hallifax, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Howard George Hallum, Hampshire Regiment
    Captain James Hamilton, Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Hamilton, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Harry Thomas Hammond, Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Alfred Christopher Hammond-Searle, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Cecil Hampson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Stuart Hirst Hampson, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Wilfred Hampson, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Eric James Hampton, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Noel Hector Hampton, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Alexander Hanauer, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Harris Kirkland Handasyde, Royal Scots
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Sheldon Hands, Dorsetshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Neville Hands, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Robert William Hannah, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William Alexander Hanton, Royal Engineers
    Captain Allan Francis Hardwick, London Regiment and Machine Gun Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Edwin Harding, Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Fred Hardman, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Cyril Dupa Hardwick, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas William Hardwick, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Cecil Harland, South Staffordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Thomas Harnott, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Sidney Harper, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain George James Reginald Harris, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Captain John Anthony Harris, Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Bernard Hope Harrison, Royal Munster Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Wilmot Earl Harry, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Hart, Welsh Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Joseph Aubrey Hart, East Surrey Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Stanley Graham Hart, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Sydney Hartley, Worcestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Norman Holt Hartshorne, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Williams Harvey, East Surrey Regiment
    Captain Humphrey le Fleming Fairfax Harvey, Royal Field Artillery
    Honorary Lieutenant Edward Higham Haslam, Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Captain John Fearby Campbell Haslam MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Thomas Ernest Hastings, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Roger Bernard Lawson Hatch, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Hubert Christopher Hatton-Hall, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Rev. William Thomas Havard, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Horace Stanley Havelock, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Arthur Joseph Hawes, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain James Godfrey Hawkey-Shepherd, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Kenneth Edwards Hawkins, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Longney Hawkins, King's African Rifles
    Temp Captain Harold Granwell Aloysius Haynes, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Horace Penzer Haynes, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Frank Hay ward, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Frederick John Hazledme, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant Peter Charles Aislabie Head, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Max Herbert Hem, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Rev. George Francis Helm, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Garnet Montgomery Hume Henderson, Highland Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Matthew Bolam Henderson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Cecil Augustus John Hendriks, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Richard George Hennessy, Border Regiment
    Captain Thomas Hennessy, Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant William Ainsworth Henri, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant William Gaudie Henry, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Frank Newman
    Henstack, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Captain David Hepburn, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain George Stanley Hepburn, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Walter Herd, Royal Highlanders
    Temp Captain Fredenck Joseph Herzog, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Albert Hesling, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alan Dickinson Hetherington, General List
    Temp Lieutenant Francis Herbert Hetherington, Seaforth Highlanders
    Temp Captain Reginald Charles Hewson, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Henry Frank Heywrood, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Frederick Hubert Hickman, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain William Longton Hicks, General List
    Battery Sergeant Major Francis Alexander Higgins, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant William Samuel Higgins, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain John Norman Hildick-Smith, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Frederick James Hill, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp Lieutenant Lindsay Arthur Hill, Royal Engineers
    Temp CaptainWilliam Ernest Hill, Middlesex Regiment
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain William Henry Hill, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Harold Drummond Hillier, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain George Tom Hilton, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Richard Cop eland Dentocn Hind, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Hinde, Rifle Brigade
    Temp Captain John Tatham Hines, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Allen Hinton, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alexander David Hislop, Royal Engineers
    Captain Frank Bridge Hitchcock Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Francis Brigstocke Hitchings, Devonshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Francis Bromley Hobbs, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Howard Frederick Hobbs, attd. Welsh Regiment
    Temp Captain Hugh George Hobson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Matthew Hodgart, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Alexander Phelps Hodges, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Edward Norman Hodges, Army Service Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Walter Frederick Clarke Holden, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Thomas Holdstock, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Captain Michael James Holland, King Edward's Horse
    Temp Captain Tom Herbert Holland, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Edmund John Hunt Holley, Devonshire and Royal North Devonshire Yeomanry
    Temp Captain Aubrey Hollingworth, General List
    Lieutenant Harold McLean Hollingworth, Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Capit Rudolph Hollocombe, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Geoffrey Holmes, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Hugh Oliver Holmes, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Gerald Holroyde, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Kenneth Holt, Dorsetshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Percy Frederick Hone, General List
    Temp Captain Hilary Ralph Hood, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Wellesley Hoodey, Army Service Corps
    Captain Alfred George Hooper, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Granville Hooper-Sharpe, Rhodedian Veterinary Service
    Captain Arthur Oswald James Hope, Coldstream Guards
    Captain Kelham Kirk Horn, Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Trevor Langdale Horn, Lancers
    Captain Alan Edgar Home, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Herbert Eric Horsfield, Royal Engineers
    Captain Cecil Dove Horsley, Lancers
    2nd Lieutenant Leonard George Hosking, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Henry Walter Houldsworth, Seaforth Highlanders
    Captain Herbert Hough, South Lancashire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Leonard Houghton, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Bertram Beaman Houston, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Baldwin Hovey, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Frederick Ernest Howard, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Harry Safe Howard, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Ronald Arthur Scovell Howes, South Lancashire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Hubble, Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant Richard Melvil Fane Huddart, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Oromie Hudson, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain William Hudson, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Digby Huffam, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Cyril Thomas Hughes Royal Engineers
    Captain Daniel Joseph Hughes, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Leslie Edward Hughes, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Sergeant Major Walter Hughes, Grenadier Guards
    Temp Company Sergeant Major Thomas Anthony Hughes, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Lyman Sawley Hull, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Walter Grove Hull, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Arthur Phillimore Hulls, Seaforth Highlanders, and Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Spencer Robert Humby, Royal Engineers
    Captain Harold Victor Hummel, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Henry Herbert Humphreys, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain John Nelson Humphrey MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Gerald Norman Hunnybun, Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Lionel Hunt, Royal Artillery
    Temp Captain Geoffrey Hunt Hunt, Royal Engineers
    Captain William Hunt, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Douglas Macinnes Hunter MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain William Henry Hunter, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Edward Mitchell Huntriss, West Riding Regiment
    Lieutenant Edgar Simon Hurlbatt, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Percival Hurlbutt, Yeomanry Battalion, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Thomas Hutchesson, Royal Guernsey Light Infantry
    Rev. Hugh William Hutehings, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Herbert Heatley Hutchinson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Rev. Samuel Hutchinson, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Cecil Tait Hutchison, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant George John Hutchison, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain David Lindsay Hutton, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Sherrin Huxley, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Henry David Hyams, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Howard Leahe Hyett, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Douglas Edward Ince, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Norman Sedgwick Ince, Manchester Regiment
    Captain Thomas Douglas Inch MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Joseph Ellis Inglis, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Kenneth Guthrie Ireland, Royal Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Leonard Archibald Frederick Ireland, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Rev. Henry Massingberd Irvin, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Basil Hippisley Jackson, Royal Horse Artillery
    Lieutenant Clement Jackson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Guy Rolf Jackson, Yeomanry
    Captain Harold Bravence Jackson, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Harold Jackson, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Lindsay Forbes Jackson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Adrian Ingram James, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Harold Morton James, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant Walter Richmond James, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Charles Henry Jarvis, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Thomas Kilvington Jeans, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Captain Ernest Edward Jelbart, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Edgar Ernest Jenkins, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Gerald Kerr Jenkins, Royal Field Artillery
    Battery Sergeant Major Percy John Jenkins, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Robert Jennings, Royal Scots
    Lieutenant Reginald Herbert Jerman, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Edward Jiggms, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Anthony Joseph Jimenez, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Lieutenant Robert Howard Jobson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Maurice Richard Johannessen, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Oscar Claridge Johnsen, General List
    Captain Dudley Graham Johnson DSO South Wales Borderers
    Temp Captain Edgar Harry Johnson, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Gordon Ross Johnson, Royal Engineers
    Honorary Lieutenant Harry Bertram Johnson, Army Ordnance Corps
    Lieutenant Rayner Harvey Johnson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alexander le Burn Johnston, Royal Engineers
    Captain Lewis Downsh Joll, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Archibald Henry Jolhffe, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Leslie Jones, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Llewellyn Jones, East Surrey Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Sidney Jones, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain George Worthington Jones, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Captain Glyn Mostyn Jones, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Brian Jones, Wiltshire Regiment
    Regimental Sergeant Major John Owen Jones, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp Captain John Robetnt Jones, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Thomas Jones, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Percy Lewis Jones, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Philip Henry Jones, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Robert Arthur Jones, Norfolk Regiment
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Thomas Jacob Jones, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Albert Edward Jordan, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant John Reginald Claridge Jorgensen, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Charles Jull, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Louis Kay, Cheshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Reginald Joseph Kaye, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant James William Keating, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Thomas Keay, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant William Esmé Kelly, Border Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Hall Kelsall, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Luther James Kedsey, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant John Henry Kemp, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Ernest Elliott Kennedy, Indian Army
    Captain Bertram Maurice Kenny, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Captain Joseph Robert Kenyon, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Bertram Keville, Royal Artillery
    Captain Gordon Cecil Kennard, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Lord Hugh Kennedy, Coldstream Guards
    Lieutenant James Russell Kennedy, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Herbert John Kent, London Regiment
    Captain Tom Raonsden Kenworthy, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Oliver Kersey, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Captain Hew Ross Kilner, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Brian Arthur Douglas Kinahan, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Stanley Lancaster Kind, York & Lancaster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Bernard Ellis King, Norfolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Cecil Bishop Redman King, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Charles Stuart King, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Goddard King, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Hugh Basil King, Northamptonshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Herbert Greniell King, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Harold Lepme Kirby, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Henry McKenzie Kirkby, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain Colin Drummond Kirkpatrick, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain William Kirkwood, Royal Scots
    Temp Lieutenant William Campbell Kirkwood, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Ahck Edmond Knight MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Royston Engleheart Knight, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Walham Thomas Knight, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Frederick Hammett Knott, Wiltshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Roger Birkbecfe Knott, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Alexander Campbell White Knox MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Edward Ritchie Knox, Royal Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Jean Antoine Kurten, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Butler Labarte, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant George Thomas Labey, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Wallace Laing, Royal Artillery
    Temp Captain James Martin Laird Royal Field Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Ernest Kirkland Laman, South Wales Borderers
    Temp Lieutenant Christopher Lambeth, Army Service Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Mortimer William Henry Lancaster, South Wales Borderers
    Lieutenant John Langler, Royal Artillery, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Athelstane Trend Langdon, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain Walter George Largen, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Moore Lascelles, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain William Henry Laslett MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Latrobe, Hampshire Regiment
    Battery Sergeant Major Alexander Lauder, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Joseph Henry Laurie, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Captain Hou Henry Astell Law, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Rev. James Henry Adeane Law, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Alfred Lawrence, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant John Wilson Lawson, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Brereton Lawton-Goodman, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Charles Laycock, Royal Engineers
    Captain Stanley Charles Layzell, Intelligence Department
    2nd Lieutenant Eric George Leader, Royal Engineers
    Captain James Allan Gordon Leask, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant David Henry Leek, Border Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Charles Henry Lee, Manchester Regiment
    Captain James Lyell Lee, Lancashire Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant James Vernon Lee, Yeomanry
    Captain Ralph Trenchard Leo, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Alec Antony Lees, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant George Poingdestre Lefebvre, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Edmund Charles le Good, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant John Alexander Leigh, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant John Walter Dickinson Leigh, Army Cyclist Battalion and Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Reginald Heber Leigh, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Douglas Meldrum Watson Leith, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Captain Hubert Francis Augustine le Mesurier, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Eric Smithyman Lennard, Tank Corps
    Temp Captain Arthur Stanley le Rossignol, General List
    Lieutenant Alexander Addis Leslie, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Cecil George Leslie, Dragoon Guards
    Temp Captain Oswald Edward Henry Leslie, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Rupert John Leversha, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant William Egbert Leveson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Carl Norton Levin, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Ralph Paul Levy, Middlesex Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major John Arthur Lewis, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Goroorwy Claude Lewis, Tank Corps
    Temp Captain Max Lewis, General List
    Temp Lieutenant William Lewthwaite, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Cecil Frederick Joseph Liddell, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Captain Frank Horace Liddell, General List, frmly, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Guy Maynard Liddell, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Kenneth Thomas Lambery, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant John William Lincoln, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant James Henry Coddington Lindesay, Army Cyclist Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Bernard Lindop, Cheshire Regiment
    Captain Leslie Stuart Lindsey-Renton, London Regiment
    Regimental Sergeant Major William Lightfoot, Border Regiment
    Lieutenant Archibald John Child Lintott, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Percy Collins Litchfield, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Joscelme William Littleton, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant John Jestyn Llewellin, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Rev. Herbert Thomas Lloyd, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Llewellyn Mandeville Lloyd, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Captain William Alexander Charles Lloyd, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Griffith Ellis Lloyd-Jones, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Geoffrey Denis Lock, Devonshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Thomas Percy Locking, New Armies
    Acting Captain Geoffrey Owen Lockwood, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Luckey Lockwood, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain George Sherwin Lockwood, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Conrad Loddiges, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant James Logan, Royal Engineers
    Captain Joshue Arthur Barber Lomax, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Norman Veatch Lothian MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Harry Leslie Bache Lovatt, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain William Muncaster Lovatt, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Frederick Stephen Low, Royal Field Artillery
    Acting Major William Alexander Low, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Frederick William Lown, Tank Corps
    Lieutenant Geoffrey Grant Lowndes, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Norman Charles Leslie Lowth, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Ralph Hugh Lubbock, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain John de Blaquiere Tindall Lucas, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Reginald Hutchison Lucas, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Alan Lumb, Royal Artillery, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Arthur Douglas Lumb, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain George James Sanderson Lumsden, Cameron Highlanders
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Richard Lumsden, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Arthur Patrick Lunam, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Reginald Owton Lunn, Labour Corps
    Rev. David Colville Lusk, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Peter Young Lyle, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Captain William James Lyle, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Charles Gabriel Joseph Lynam, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Alfred Cecil Lynn, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major Richard Mabbott, Royal Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Herbert Carteighe Maben, Worcestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain James Chateau McArthur, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain James Simpson McArthur, General List, late King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Temp Captain Donald Boyd Macaulay, Seaforth Highlanders
    Lieutenant William Robert Brown McBain, Royal Field Artillery and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant William James McBeath, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Frederick Johnston McCall, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    2nd Lieutenant David McCarthy, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas George McCarthy, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Tyndall McClelland, Highland Light Infantry
    Captain Charles McCombie, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Captain, William McConnell MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Henry Ernest McCready MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Thomas Robert McCready, Royal Marines, and Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant James Thompson McCubbin, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant David John McCullough, Royal Irish Rifles
    2nd Lieutenant Alexander MacDonald, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant Andrew Garfield MacDonald, London Regiment
    Lieutenant John Alexander MacDonald, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Douglas James McDougall, Royal Scots
    Captain Thomas McEwen, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain John Mandeville MacFie MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant William Richard Arundel McGee, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Jackson McGowan, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant James Allister McGregor, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant Cyril Michael McHale, South Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Alfred Charles McIntosh, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Douglas Bentley McIntosh, Liverpool Regiment
    Captain Reginald George Macintyre, Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Hamilton Montgomery McIntyre, Yeomanry
    Temp Captain William Keverall McIntyre MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Norman Balfour McIvor, Middlesex Regiment
    Temp Captain Magnus Ross Mackay MB Royal Army Medical Corps, attd. Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Murdo Mackenzie, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Donald Ross Mackenzie, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant lan Dawson Mackenzie, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Henry Erskine McKie, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Wallace MacKinlay, Scottish Rifles
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant David McLachlan, Royal Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James Menzies MacLachlan, General List, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Thomas McLaren, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant George Hugh Maclear, Cheshire Regiment
    Lieutenant James Younger McLean, Royal Field Artillery and Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Ronald MacLear, attd. Army Service Corps
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant William Laidlow MacLean, Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Kenneth Thomas McLelland, Royal Engineers
    Captain Kenneth MacLennan, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James McMichael, Highland Light Infantry
    Lieutenant John MacMurray, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert McMurray, Royal Engineers
    Captain Arthur Thomas McMurrough-Kavanagh, Hussars
    Regimental Sergeant Major Morgan George McNama, Connaught Rangers
    Temp Lieutenant John McNicholl, Seaforth Highlanders
    Lieutenant Malcolm McNicholl, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Charles Ogte Maconachie, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Edmiston MacGregor MacQuarrie, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant James McWilliam, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Captain Percy Hamilton Maflin, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Collin Arthur Maguire, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Thomas Mahony, Royal Irish Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William John Maidment, Welsh Regiment
    Temp Captain Sidney John Male, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Joseph Rupert Malbon, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Clifford Angus Mallam, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Herbert Reginald Mallett, Middlesex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Maltby, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Rev. Leslie George Mannering, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Battery Sergeant Major William Marchant, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Ronald Mares, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant John William Marriott, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Regimental Sergeant Major William David Marsden, Northamptonshire Regiment
    Captain Frank Douglas Marsh, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Charles William Marshall, Liverpool Regiment
    Captain Edward Nixon Marshall, West Riding Regiment
    Temp Captain Eric Stewart Marshall, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Harold Marshall, Hampshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Leslie Phillips Marshall, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Frederic Edward Marston, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Howard de Courcy Martelh, Royal Army Chaplains' Department, attd. 62nd Division
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Wilfred Leigh Martin, 24th Divisional Train
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Richard Henry Martin, Monmouthshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Clive Harrison Martyn, Northamptonshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Graham William Massingham, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Reginald Frank Mason, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Edgar Alan Masters, Army Service Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Frederick William Masters, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Captain James Frederick Matheson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Felton Arthur Hamilton Mathew, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Alexander, John Mathieson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Frederick Keith Matthew, North Lancashire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Thomas Matthews, London Regiment
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant John Hannaford Maunder, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Hugh Rochfort Maxsted, General List
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Lionel May, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain John Edwin Maynard, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Herbert Lisle Medford, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Ernest Anthony Meek, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain Robert Meiklejohn, Army Service Corps
    Rev. Charles Gustave Clark Meister, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Barnett Mennie, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Horace George Merriok, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Mark Hepper Merry, Welsh Regiment
    Temp Captain Charles Campbell Metcalfe, General List
    Lieutenant Everard Charles Meynell, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William Charles Frederick Meyrick, Devonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant William Godwin Michelmore, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Rupert Charles Godfrey Middleton, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Lieutenant Stanley Wayman Milburn, Headquarters, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Tremayne Miles, King's African Rifles
    Temp Lieutenant Brynmor Miles, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Archibald Underwood Millar MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Miller, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain James Bruce Miller, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Percy Maurice Miller, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp Captain Edgar Edward Mills, South Wales Borderers
    Captain Frederick Leighton Victor Mills, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Lacey Burchett Mills, East Surrey Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Stanley Wayre Mills, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Harold Aubrey Milton, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Frank Miskin, Suffolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant James Hendrie Mitchell, Border Regiment
    Temp Captain John Malcolm Mitchell, General List
    Temp Sub Lieutenant Lionel George Mitchelmore, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Temp Lieutenant George Hamilton Moberly, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Stanley Moffett, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Joseph Patrick Mogam, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain John Donald Mollett, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Caryl Richard Molyneux, 10th Hussars
    Lieutenant John Henry Monaghan, Leinster Regiment
    Lieutenant Hugh Benyon Monier-Williams, Suffolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Henry William John Monk, Royal Engineers
    Captain Frederick James Osbaldeston Montagu, Coldstream Guards
    Captain Monthermer Stanley Hume Montague, East African Forces
    Captain Eustace William Montgomerie, Norfolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Francis James Dudingston Montgomerie, Royal Engineers
    Captain Robert Vandeleur Montgomery, Somerset Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Phillips Burney Sterndale Gybbon Monypenny, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Lieutenant Mark Sprot, Moody-Stuart, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Claud Augustus Moore, Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Cedric Gell Moore, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Harry Andrew Moore, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain John Francis Cumberlege Mordaunt, Somerset Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Gerald Alexander McKay Morant, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain James Sharah Hunuford Morgan, King's African Rifles
    Temp Captain Montagu Trovers Morgan, Royal Army Medical Corps, attd. King's African Rifles
    Lieutenant Sydney Hubert Morgan, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Charles Stewart Morice, Worcestershire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Alexander Morrell, East Kent Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Morrill, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Frank Morris, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Hooper Morns, Royal Engineers
    Rev. William Frederick Morns, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Esmond Morrisoin, Leicestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Reginald Sperling Morshead MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Alfred Ellenngton Morton, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Captain Ralph Morton, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant David William Moss, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Mount, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain William Samuel Mounteney, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant John Alexander Mowat, Hampshire Yeomanry, attd. Hampshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Patrick Desmond Mulholland, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain William Mulholland, Mil. Lab. Bur
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Mullaney, Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Douglas Graham Munro, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain James Stewart Grahahm Munro, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant John James Munro, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Benjamin Murdoch, Royal Scots
    Captain William Murdoch MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Alexander Phipps Murison, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Arthur John Murphy, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Captain John William Mnse, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Hanley Musker, Lancashire Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Ernest Francis Hume Murray, Honourable Artillery Company
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Scott Murray, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant John Grant Murray, Royal Marines, attd. Field Ambulance
    Temp Lieutenant Patrick Moncreiff Murray, General List, attd. Infantry Brigade
    Temp Captain William Patrick Murray, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Charles William Chester Myles MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Ian Couper Nairn, Yeomanry
    Temp Lieutenant Reginald Lancelot Naah, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Robert Percy Nathan, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Neal, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Charles James Neale, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Alfred Owen Needham, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant John Barrie Neilson, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Andrew Edmondson Walsh Nesbitt, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant James Edmund Henderson Nevalle, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Newcomb, Hampshire Regiment
    Captain John Geoffrey Newell, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Captain James Newton, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp Captain George McLaughlm Niccol, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Brian Nichols, Suffolk Regiment
    Captain James Nichols, London Regiment
    Captain Morres Nickalls, Yeomanry
    Temp Lieutenant Edwin Nickerson, Royal Engineers
    Captain Ralph Kenneth Taylor Nightingale, Lancashire Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Stuart Henry Nooks, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Stanley Node-Miller, Royal Highlanders
    Lieutenant Reginald Edward Norrds, Rifle Brigade, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Pilkington Norris, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Phillip Mary Northcoite, Royal Army Chaplains' Department, attd. Cheshire Regiment
    Captain Francis John Nugee, Leicestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Maurice Twemilow Nunnerley, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Edmund Roy Nurse, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Mervyn Alexander MacGregor Oakford, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Sydney Edward Odgers, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Sidney O'Donel, Mob Vet Sec, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Company Sergeant Major Charles O'Donovan, Royal Fusiliers
    Acting Sergeant Major Walter George Ogden, Army Ordnance Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Maurice Tremble Ogilvie, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Cyril Okell, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant William Mathias O'Kelly, Army Service Corps
    Rev. Henry Douglas Oldfield, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain William Joshua Oliver, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant John Stuart Omond, Army Ordnance Depot
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Freer Orgill, North Staffordshire Regiment, attd. Manchester Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Augustus Oriel, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Ormandy, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Vernon Winton Ory, Army Service Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ernest John Osborn, General List, and Trench Mortar Battery
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Broadbent Osbourne, Cable Section, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Robert William John Osmond, Middlesex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Andrew Geraint Joseph Owen, Welsh Regiment
    Captain Herbert Charles Owen, Middlesex Regiment
    Captain Walter Hayes Oxley, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant James Leslie Padmore, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Frederick Page, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Parker Sutton Page, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Albert Arthur Painting, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Ridley Pakenham-Pakenham-Walsh, Royal Engineers
    Captain Edward Chippendall Palmer, West Riding Regiment
    Battery Sergeant Major William Palmer, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Walter Palmerr King's Royal Rifle Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Charlie Pannall, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Captain Arthur George Pardoe, Royal Engineers, Royal Monmouthshire Regiment
    Lieutenant John Brown Park, Scottish Rifles, attd. Cameron Highlanders
    Lieutenant George Henry Parker, Royal Artillery, and Gold Coast Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Cecil Joseph Parker, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Robert Parker, North Lancashire Regiment attd. Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Sidney Parker, Worcestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Parkin, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain George Westhead Parkinson, Royal Engineers (formerly North Lancashire Regiment)
    2nd Lieutenant John Bertram Parks, Essex Regiment, attd. 2nd New Zealand Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Hamilton Parnisr East Kent Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Cyril Lawes Parry, Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Captain Guy William Parry, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Roy Parsons, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Harold Archer James Parsons, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant John Henry Parsons, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Henderson Parsons Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Thomas Crompton Parsons, East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Richard Douglas Passey MB Royal Army Medical Corps, attd. King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Lieutenant Christopher Parvin, Border Regiment
    Temp Captain Montgomery Paterson Paton MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain William McCutcheon Patrick, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant William Cyril Paul, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Charles Frederick Pavitt, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Sydney Archibald Payne, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Goold Pearce, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Cecil Pearson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Frank Stanley Pearson, Dorsetshire Regiment, attd. East Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Robert Tute Pearson, Army Service Corps
    Captain Philip John Sherwin Pearson-Gregory, Grenadier Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Edward Peart, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Nichoas Arthington Pease, East Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Urie Peat, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Ronald Tennyson Peel, Seaforth Highlanders
    Temp Captain Harold Benjamin Pegrum, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Richard Laurence Stapylton Pernberton, Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant George Tresham Pender, Indian Army
    Lieutenant John Hawkes Pendered MB FRCS Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Edgar Ambrose Pengelly, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Arthur Robert Penny, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain Helier George Percival, Welsh Regiment
    Lieutenant John Lakeman Percival, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Sydney Cockerill Percival, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Gerard Henry Perkins, Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Richard Edgecumbe Perrett, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Eric Wingfield Pert, Royal Engineers
    Captain Henry Sydney Charles Peyton, Rifle Brigade
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Richard Charles Philipp, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Cecil Ernest Lucas Phillips, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Clive Alexander Phillips, Honourable Artillery Company
    Temp Captain Edwin Gray Moneylaws Phillips, Royal Highlanders
    Temp Captain Frank Phillips, General List
    Lieutenant Stephen Noel Hamilton Phillips, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Edward Clement Philpott, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Hugh Alfred Philpott, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Picton, South Wales Borderers, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Wilfred Gould Pidsley, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Gerald Robert Pirn, Royal Engineers
    Captain Harold Senhouse Pinder, Leicestershire Regiment, attd. King's African Rifles
    Honorary Captain Hugh Lewis Pine, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain Ivan Miller Pirrie MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Howard Earl Pitt, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Robert Elliot Pitts, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Harvey Forshaw Plant, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Samuel Platten, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Leslie Graham Plumbly, Bedfordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Geoffrey Howard Plummer, Royal Irish Rifles, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant John Edward Barker Plummer, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Asher Price, HTown Regiment
    Temp Captain Axel Jonas Alfred Poignant, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain William Arnold Polglaze, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Leopold Thomas Poole MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Reginald Alfred Beisly Pope, Motor Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant George Basil Porter, British West Indies Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Edward Lionel Porter, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant William Abbotts Porter, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain William Edge Porter, Leicestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Benjamin Henry Potter, Royal Garrison Artillery, attd. Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Lieutenant Frank Thomas Potter, Army Ordnance Depot
    2nd Lieutenant George Edwin Potter, Hussars, attd. King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Captain Gordon Alan Potts, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Company Sergeant Major William Powell, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Montague Power, Scottish Rifles
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Raphe Power, West Riding Regiment attd. Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Albert Maurice Pratt, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Reginald Stanley Pratt, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Lieutenant Evan Bertram Charles Preston, Indian Army Reserve of Officers, attd. Indian Infantry
    Lieutenant Frederick Allen Preston, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Overton Inett Preston, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Harold Pretty, Suffolk Regiment
    Captain Harry Sibree Price, London Regiment
    Captain Charles Stafford Price-Davies, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Captain Edward Andrews Priestland, King's African Rifles
    Lieutenant Jonathan Lee Priestman, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Evan Pritchard, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Geoffrey John Pritchard, Royal Engineers
    Captain Richard George Proby, Yeomanry
    Temp Captain John Clifford Proctor, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant John, Norman William Atkinson Procter, West Riding Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Roderick Norman Lloyd Protheroe, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain George Raphael Buick Puree MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Hedley Thomas Wright Quick, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Captain Berkeley Campbell Quill, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Scottish Horse Yeomanry)
    Lieutenant Charles Goldie Radcliffe, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant John Norman Radcliffe, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas Townsend Radmore, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Cecil Probyn Napier Raikes, Royal Engineers
    Captain Adam Rankme MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Albert Morrison Ransom, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Lieutenant Ralph Albert Raphael, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Louis Ratto, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Norman Rawlence, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Lieutenant George William Rawlings, Royal Engineers, attd. Labour Corps
    Company Sergeant Major William Benjamin Rawlings, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Harold Raymond, General List
    Captain Richard Valentine Read, Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Wilbam Read, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Frederick Albert Reading, Worcestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Ernest Join Readings, Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Ernest George Redway, Royal Irish Regiment
    Temp Captain August George Rehm, General List, East Africa Pay Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Archibald Reid, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Alexander Eraser Reid, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Doug-las Muir Reid, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Horace Arthur Reid, Royal Engineers, attd. Australian Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant John Reid, Royal Highlanders
    Lieutenant John Spence Read, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Norman Reid, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant William Reid, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp Captain William Brown Rennie, General List
    Temp Captain Walter Lancaster Renwick, Labour Corps
    Lieutenant Roy Alfred Rice, Indian Army, attd. Lancers
    Captain Leslie John Richards, Suffolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Mark Fielding Richards, Suffolk Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major Arthur Edward Richardson, Rifle Brigade
    Captain Harry Richardson, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Roland Richardson, Cokes Rifles attd. Pathans, Indian Army
    Lieutenant George Arthur Rdckards, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Sydney Riddell, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Captain Arthur George Rigby, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Thomas Ridgwiay, South Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Ralph Musk Ridley, Suffolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Riley, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Thomas Riley, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Oswald Harbord Ripley, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Arthur Roberts, Royal Engineers
    Captain Charles Eustace Roberts, Northamptonshire Regiment, and Nigeria Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Donald Farquharson Roberts, East Surrey Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Eric Mark Roberts, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Harold Roberts, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain James Ronald Roberts, Royal Engineers, attd. Railway Corps
    Temp Captain William Roberts, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Angus Robertson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    CaptainAlexander Wmton Robertson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Brian Hubert Robertson, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Cyril John Robertson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Donald Stewart Robertson, South Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Hector Murdoch Maxwell Robertson, Royal Artillery, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Leonard Dougal Robertson, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Temp Captain William Berry Robertson, General List
    Captain William Henderson Robertson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William Latto Robertson MB Field Amb, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Christopher Robinson, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Cecil Joseph Robinson, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Survey Company, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Henry Robinson, Lincolnshire Regiment, and Nigeria Regiment
    Lieutenant Godfrey Robinson, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Leslie Maurice Robinson, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Captain Thomas Robinson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant John Stanley Jefferson Robson, Northumberland Fusiliers, attd. Army Cyclist Corps
    Captain Maurice James Roche MB Indian Medical Service
    Temp Captain John Moyes Rodd, Army Ordnance Depot
    Company Sergeant Major Robert Rodger, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Albert Rodwell, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Edward Allen Roe, East Surrey Regiment, attd. Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant John Alfred Rogers, East Surrey Regiment
    Sergeant Major Leslie Rogers, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Captain Cecil John Rogerson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Alfred Rollo, General List
    2nd Lieutenant Anton Eric Romyn, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Percy Roscorla, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant William Leonard Roseveare, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Launcelot Hugh Ross, General List
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Peter Graham Ross, East Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Ronald Deane Ross, Irish Horse
    Captain Hubert James Cecil Rostron, Dragoon Guards
    Temp Lieutenant Philip Rought, Royal Engineers
    Captain Francis Leyland Lyster Fyler Roupell, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Hugh Shearer Rowan, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Josiah Arthur Vivian Rowe, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain George Kowell, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Sumner Rowley, Leicestershire Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major John James Rowson, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Captain John Hewitt Roxburgh, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Dennis Carlton Royle, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Gordon Wilfred Ritchie Rudkin, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Alexander Walter Runciman, Royal Engineers
    Captain Alexander Russell, Mil. Lab. Bur
    Captain Charles Cooper Russell, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Edmund Uniacke Russell, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain George Black Russell, Royal Scots
    Captain Herbert Russell, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Hugh Russell, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Reginald Owen Russell, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Captain Thomas Foster Rutledge, Royal Flying Corps Spec. Reserve
    Lieutenant Charles Cedric Ryan, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Martin Ryan, Royal Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant William Tuke Sainsbury, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Frederick John Salmon, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant (Local) Herbert Charles Salter, Intelligence Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Ernest Lambert Samuel, Honourable Artillery Company
    Temp Lieutenant William Young-Sandeman, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain William Roger Sangumetti, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Hugh le Gallienne Sarchet, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Bycroft Saul, Yorkshire Light Infantry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Rev. Charles James Saunders, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Sergeant Major Arthur Albert Savage, Lancers
    Lieutenant Alfred Cecil Savill, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Henry Bourchier Wrey Savile, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant Walter Savory, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Alfred Henry Sayer, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Herbert James Scales, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Sergeant Major George Arthur Scarff, Scots Guards
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant John James Schooling, Somerset Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Frank Arthur Sclater, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Adrian Gilbert Scott, Royal Engineers
    Captain Alexander Scott, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Duncan Scott, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant James Scott, Somerset Light Infantry
    Captain James Bruce Scott, Punjabis, Indian Army
    Temp Captain Walter Henderson Scott, Royal Army Medical Corps, attd. Durham Light Infantry
    Captain William Fowler Fraser Scott, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant William Walter Scott-Moncrieff, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Scragg, Army Service Corps
    Captain Wilfred Arthur Seaman, Royal Engineers
    Captain William Seaton, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Robert Edward Watson Semple, Royal Artillery, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    2nd Lieutenant Harold Serginson, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Hugh Eric Seth Seth-Smith, Royal Irish Rifles Spec. Reserve
    Temp Lieutenant Claud Ramsay Wilmot Seton, Motor Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant William Eric Lewis Seward, Royal Flying Corps Spec. Reserve
    Captain John Arthur Gordon Shanks, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Captain Francis Henry Shannons, Welsh Regiment
    Lieutenant Henry Shapcott, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Matthew Sharp, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Eric George Sharpe, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William Douglas Sharpington, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Henry Sharpies, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ernest Shaw, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Frank Vincent Shaw, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant George Thomas Shaw, General List
    Captain Robert, Edward Frederic Shaw, London Regiment
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Joseph Patrick Lambert Shea, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant William Frank Sheather, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Thomas Lilhco Shedden, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain John Sheepshanks, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Herbert Sheffield, Army Service Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Joseph Sheils, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Harry Neal Shelmerdine, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Allen Goodrich Shenstone, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Austin Kirk Shenton, Royal Engineers
    Captain James Ogilvy Shepherd, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Richard Bellamy Sheppard, Welsh Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Gordon Shernff, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain Geoffrey William Sherston, Rifle Brigade
    Captain Charles Frederick Shields, Leicestershire Regiment
    Temp Sergeant Major James Shiels, Cameron Highlanders
    Lieutenant Herbert Shiner, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain George Gordon Shone, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Frederick William Short, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Sidney Sparkling Moverley Sibold, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Frank Pitchford Silvers, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Archibald Guy Simmons, Honourable Artillery Company
    Temp Captain Leslie Hyland Simmons, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Henville Simonds, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Alfred Simpkins, Royal Fusiliers
    Company Sergeant Major Robert Henry Simpson, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Robert Kennedy Muir Simpson, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Thorburn Simpson, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Captain John Sinclair, Royal Engineers
    Captain Oliver Sturdy Sinnatt, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Leslie Henderson Skene MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur Birtlee Slack, 6th Battalion, Lancashire Fusiliers, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Francis George Lambart Sladen, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Francis Philip Slater, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Reginald Anderson Slater, Royal Irish Regiment
    Captain Sydney Lawrence Slocock FRCVS Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Johnson Ewart Smart, Manchester Regiment
    Captain Alexander Smith, Royal Horse Artillery
    Captain Allison Eugene Smith, Royal Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur, Douglas Smith, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Albert Ernest Smith, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Allison Gould Smith, North Lancashire Regiment
    Captain Arthur Macklow Smith, Royal Garrison Artillery, attd. Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Charles Sydney Smith, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Daniel Rowland Smith, Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant Edward Archibald Smitt, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Edward Montague Smith, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Ewart William Smith, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Frank George Smith, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Frederick Smith, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Harold-Smith, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Harry Smith, West Riding Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant James Lindsay Salmond Smith, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant John Poole Smith, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Joseph Edward Geoffrey Smith, Somerset Light Infantry
    Captain Richard Albert Bielchan Smith, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Rodenc Franklyn Smith, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Samuel-Haroild Smith, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Stephen Berthold Smith, Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Stuart Arthur Smith, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Temp Lieutenant Sydney Smith, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant William George Smith, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    Sergeant Major William George Smith, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Captain Arthur Ferguson Heyland Smyth, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Edmund Fitzgerald Smyth, Royal Irish Rifles
    Quartermaster and Temp Honorary Lieutenant Samuel Snow, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain Arthur Herbert Tennyson, Lord Somers, 1st Life Guards, attd. Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Austin Somervell, West Riding Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Alexander Henderson Souitar, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Compton Southgaite, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Frank Soward, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Eric Bourne Bentnick Speed, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Andrew Spence, Royal Scots Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Arthur Morphew Spence, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Henry Spencer-Smith, Leicestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Michael Spencer-Smith, General List (C. C. Heavy Artillery)
    Temp Captain Arthur Douglas Spooner, Supply Column, Army Service Corps
    Captain Evelyn Charles Sprawson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George Moore Sproule, Army Service Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant James Chambers Sproule, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant George Bertrand Spry, Royal Fusiliers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Horace Owen Squire, Leinster Regiment
    Temp Captain Arthur Percy Havers Squires, Lincolnshire Regiment, Comdg Trench Mortar Battery
    Company Sergeant Major William Arthur Stace, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Captain Cecil Spurling Staddon, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Ralph Staley, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Thomas Henry Gilborn Stamper, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Reginald Stanafocth, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Rev. George, Helliwell Crawford Stanley, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant James Reginald Stanser, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant William Samuel Herl Staple, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Lieutenant Vincent Francis Stapleton-Bretherton, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant James Thomas Starkie, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Thomas Henry Langdale Stebbing, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Gilbert Coleridge Stedham, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Henry Edwin Steer, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Captain Derek Jarrett Steevens, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Gerald Stephens, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Kenneth Travers Stephen, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Stephenson, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Frederick Claude Stern, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Theodore Henry Stern, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Leo Stevem, Special List
    Temp Captain Leicester Bradney Stevens, Royal Artillery
    Temp Captain Hubert Craddock Stevenson, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain John Hugh Macdonald Stevenson, Royal Artillery, Mtn. Battery
    Temp Lieutenant Michael Stevenson, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain John Colin MacDougall Stewart, General List
    Temp Captain John Hazelton Stewart, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Montgomery Stewart, King's Own Scottish Borderers and Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Walter Francis Stirling, late Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Captain Tom Thornley MacGillicuddy Stoker, Royal Munster Fusiliers
    Temp Captain William Alfred Collis Stone, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Gerald Johnston Lipyeatt Stoney, Worcestershire Regiment
    Captain Charles Ronald Stott, York & Lancaster Regiment, attd. Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant William Stott, East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Bernard Lewis Strauss, East Kent Regiment
    Captain Cecil John Charles Street, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Charles Norman Lockhart Stronge, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Humphrey Cecil Travell Stronge, East Kent Regiment, and Nigeria Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Lewis Robert Stubbs, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Philip Lange Sugden, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Frederick Summers, Royal Engineers
    Captain Albert James Sutcliffe, Cheshire Regiment
    Lieutenant James Lawrence Cathcart Sutherland, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Captain Francis Henry Sutton, Hussars
    2nd Lieutenant Jack Cyril Sutton, Manchester Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major William Swam, Royal Engineers
    Captain James Swan MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Sydney Bartlett Swan, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Alfred Bertram Swann, Middlesex Regiment
    Captain Alan Cawley Swindells, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain William Swinton, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Stanley William Sykes, Intelligence Corps
    Temp Lieutenant William Smith Syme, Cheshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Henry John Hugh Symons, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Noel Callis Symonds, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Henry Gordon Tabuteau-Herrick, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Gerald Richard Tadman, Spec List
    Lieutenant Osborne George Tancock, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Harold Astley Tapp, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain Percy John Rutty Tapp, Divisional Train, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Sydney Ernest Tarrant, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Survey C, Royal Engineers
    Captain Geoffrey Bulmer Tatham, Rifle Brigade
    Lieutenant Norman Leuchars Tatham, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Charles MacGregor Taylor, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Edward Mallalieu Brooke Taylor, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Edward Roland Taylor, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ewart John Taylor, Gloucestershire Regiment, attd. Welsh Regiment
    Temp Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Frank Taylor, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Frederick John Taylor, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant George Osborne Taylor, General List, attd. Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain George Vere Taylor, Rifles Brigade
    Captain Harold Meadows Taylor, Norfolk Regiment and Machine Gun Corps
    Quartermaster Sergeant James Taylor, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Henry Augustus Taylor, Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Kenneth Baring Taylor, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Norman Taylor, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Wilfrid Adams Teakle, Essex Regiment, attd. Rifle Brigade
    Temp Captain Charles Hugh Tebay, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Claude Enc Tebbitt, Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Captain Eustace Ernest Vazeille Temperley, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Bertram Temple, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Alfred Alan Thackery, West Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Essex Regiment
    Captain Reginald Sparshatt Thatcher, Somerset Light Infantry
    Sergeant Major William Thomas Theobald, Bedfordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Henry Thirkill, Royal Engineers, attd. Signal Service
    Temp Captain Kenneth Alfred Thirsk, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant George Thorn, Nyasaland Field Force
    Temp Captain Basil Walter Thomas, Graves Registration Unit
    Temp Lieutenant John Henry Thomas, Special List
    Lieutenant William Humphrey Thomas, Yeomanry
    Captain Herbert Stanley Thompson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant James Thompson, Siege Battery, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Bell Langhorn Thompson, Road Construction Company, Royal Engineers
    Company Sergeant Major John Thomas Thompson, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Leslie Frank Thompson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant William Harding Thompson, Royal Field Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major Alex Downie Thomson, Royal Scots
    Captain Edmund John Thomson, Siege Bty, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant James Smith Thomson, Royal Scots
    Lieutenant Robert Thorburn, Indian Army Reserve of Officers, attd. Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Stephen Keith Thorburn, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Frank Oswald Thome, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Philip Howard Thome, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Leslie Thorns, General List
    Temp Captain Bernard Martin Thornton, Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Captain George Lostock Thornton, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Quartermaster Sergeant Samuel West Thornton, Royal Irish Rifles
    Captain William Henry Jelf Thornton, Royal Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Francis John Mytton Thornycrolt, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain Bertram Leland Thorp, Army Service Corps, and Tank Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George Fleetwood Thunlier, Devonshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Ernest Thurston, Royal Scots 2nd Lieutenant William Evan Tibbs, Royal Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Thomas John Tilbrook, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Arthur Stuart Tillard, Royal Engineers
    Captain Justice Crosland Tilly, West Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Tank Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Leonard Arthur Tilney, Royal Horse Guards, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain Robert Tindall MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant George Evelyn Tiriling, East Lancashire Regiment
    Rev. George Wolfe Robert Tobias, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Stanley Todd, East Surrey Regiment
    Captain Richard Tomlinson, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Fowler Tomlinson, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Joseph Walter Tompkins, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Maynard Tomson, Divisional Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Kenneth Sanderson Torrance, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain William Frederick Topley, Labour Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur Totton, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Robert Wilfrid Townsend, Devonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Cecil Edward Joseph Trafford, Scots Guards
    Temp Lieutenant Gilbert Barsham Traill, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain William Augustus Trasenster, Royal Fusiliers
    Captain Tom Stockham Travere, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Francis Joseph Traylen, Rifle Brigade
    2nd Lieutenant Harry Walter Tredmnick, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Mansel James Tregurtha, London Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Rudolph Montague Tren, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Prentis Trend, Connaught Rangers
    Captain Leslie Hamilton Trist, Lincolnshire Regiment, attd. East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alick Dunbar Trotter, South Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Harry William Troupe, Royal Horse Artillery, attd. Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Everard Hugh Trousdale, Army Service Corps
    Captain Alexander James Trousdell, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Arthur Malcolm Gillett Trotter, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Joseph Ernest Troughton, West Riding Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert William Trump, Spec Company, Royal Engineers
    Captain George Arthur Tryon, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Captain Spencer Tryon, King's African Rifles
    Temp Captain James Somerville Turcau, Seaforth Highlanders
    Captain Alan Leonard Smith Tuke MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Oswald Graham Noel Turnbull, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Robert Turner, East African Pioneer Company
    Temp Lieutenant Clifford Grosvenor Turner, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Elliot Turner, Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Company Sergeant Major Henry Michael Turner, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Maurice Finnemore Turner, Monmouthshire Regiment
    Captain Montagu Trevor Turner, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Lieutenant Oswald Morris Turner, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Roland Turner, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant William Maitland Turner, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant James Wmford Turrell, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    2nd Lieutenant Fiank Percival Twine, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Captain The Honourable Ivo Murray Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Dudley Cyril Twiss, South Staffordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Harold William Tyler, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Edward Denis Tyndall, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant John Altabon Guise Tyndale, Railway Company, Royal Engineers
    Captain Guy Yelverton Tyrrell, East Kent Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Roland King Uhthoff, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alfred Edwin Underhay, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Captain Ian Ure, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant Harry Usher, Royal Scots, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant William Vance, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Captain Edward Charles Louis van Cutsem, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Captain Stephen Hugh Van Neck, London Regiment
    Lieutenant William John Varley, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Bernard Varvill, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Michael Noel Varvill, Royal Engineers, attd. Railway Corps (Prot)
    Captain Charles Hardy Vaughan, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Edward Harold Vaughan, Yeomanry
    Captain Edmund Wayne Vaughan MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Thomas Hubert Veasey, General List
    Captain Ernest Hardinge Veitch, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Robert Vernet, General List
    Temp Regimental Sergeant Major Henry Vincent, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Louis Henry Xavier Vintcent, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas. Aubrey Vise, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Enc William Noel Wade, Hampshire Regiment
    Captain George Albert Wade, South Staffordshire Regiment, attd. MGC
    Captain Richard Harry Wagner, London Regiment, attd. Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Thomas Hinde Wake, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Kenrick Prescot Walker, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Knuts Waldenstrom, Intelligence Corps
    Rev. Samuel Charles Waldegrave, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Frank Raphael Waley, General List, and Trench Mortar Battery
    Temp Captain Arthur Francis Gregory Walker, General List
    Temp Lieutenant Alexander Izat Walker, Divisional Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Edwin Harvey Walker, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Joseph Walker MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Willis Walker, Tunnlg Company, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Thornton Howard Walker, Royal Field Artillery, Ammunition Column
    Captain Ulnc William Ferrier Walker, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Company Sergeant Major John Wall, Grenadier Guards, attd. Honourable Artillery Company
    Temp Captain Edward Chapman Wallace, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Frederic Campbell Wallace, Royal Irish Rifles, Spec. Reserve
    Temp Lieutenant John Wallace, Divisional Signals Company, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Gerald Edward Henry Waller, Siege Company (R Mon.), Royal Engineers
    Captain Ernest Walling, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Frederick Morfee Walsh, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Ernest John Walthew, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    Captain Frederick Walton, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain Percy Walton, Gordon Highlanders
    Lieutenant Allan Edgar Wand, Leicestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Alsager Warburton, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Wilson Ward, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Joseph Hugh Ward MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Percival Ward, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Orlando Frank Montague Ward, Royal Artillery
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Herbert Ernest Balfern Ware, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Regimental Sergeant Major William Francis Warren, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Charles Warren, Welsh Regiment
    Lieutenant Douglas Charles Warwick, North Staffordshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Hugh Fleming Warwick MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Cyril Walter Carleton Wasey, Royal Warwickshire Regiment, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    Company Sergeant Major Harold George Waters, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Tyrrell Watkins, Army Ordnance Depot
    Temp Captain Gwilym David Watkins DSO Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James William Watkins, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Honorary Captain Stephen Watling, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain Edward Watson, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Aubrey Wentworth Harrison Watson, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Regimental Sergeant Major Joseph Watson, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Captain James Watson, Army Service Corps
    Temp Captain John Dalglish Watson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Kenneth Charles Forrester Watson, South Lancashire Regiment, attd. Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Stanley Watson, Cheshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Thomas William Watson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain William Barrie Watson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Hugo Burr Craig Watt, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain James Cairnes Watt, East African Medical Service, attd. King's African Rifles
    Temp Captain Reginald Cuthbert Watts, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Thomas George Watt, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Hedley George Watts, attd. Liverpool Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas Nathaniel Watts-Watts, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Captain Herbert Waylen, Wiltshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Henry Buckland Weatherdon, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Labour Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Oliver Stanley Webb, Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Captain Stuart Napier Charles Webb, South Wales Borderers and Nigeria Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major William Webb, 2nd Battalion, Suffolk Regiment, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Geoffrey John Websdale, Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Captain William Joseph Webster MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Llewellyn McIntyre Weeks, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Wilfrid Clement Septimus Weighill, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain George Gordon Weir, Royal Scots
    Rev. Frederick William Welbon, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Lewis Barrington Weldon, Special List
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Allan Welch, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Ridley Welch, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Douglas Wells, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Cecil Frank Wells, Royal Fusiliers
    Rev. Edward John Welsher, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain Archibald Stewart West, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Harry Gordon West, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant Louis John Westbury, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Robert Burns Wharrie, Highland Light Infantry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Walter Roland Tracey Whatmore, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Captain Alexander Hamilton Wheeler, West Somerset Yeomanry
    Captain John Bickersteth Wheeler, Hussars, attd. Signal Service
    Temp Captain Bertrand Percy Whillis, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Everard White, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Frank Buller Howard White, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Bernard Burke White, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Captain George Plunkett White MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Company Sergeant Major Percy White, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Sidney John White, Spec. Company, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain William Robert White, Royal Irish Rifles
    Lieutenant Edward George Lang Whiteaway, Yorkshire Light Infantry, attd. West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Gerald Herbert Penn Whitfield, Royal Irish Rifles
    Lieutenant Philip Geoffrey Whitefoord, Royal Artillery
    Lieutenant Reginald. Henry Hughes Whitehead, Royal Horse Artillery
    Lieutenant Reginald Willoughby Whitehead, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Augustin George Richard Whitehouse, Herefordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant John Francis Martin Whiteley, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Edward Victor Whiteway, East Surrey Regiment
    Captain Ernest James Whiteon, Highland Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Francis Robert Whitten, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Henry Roy Whittet, Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur William Whittingham, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Mark Whitwill, Royal Engineers
    Captain Gerald Eden Mynors Whittuck, Somerset Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Percy Whyatt, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Captain Robert Whyte, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Foster Wicks, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Frederick James Wicks, Royal Garrison Artillery, attd. Army Ordnance Depot
    Lieutenant John Henry Becher Wigginton, Army Service Corps
    Captain Henry Rowe Wight, Border Regiment, attd. Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Arthur Bennett Wightman, Manchester Regiment
    Captain Lionel St. George Wilkinson, Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain William Dugdale Wilkinson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Basil Henry Williams, Hussars
    2nd Lieutenant Cuthbert Gray Williams, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Edmund Charles Williams, Royal Munster Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Frank Harry Williams, Road Cons Company, Royal Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant George John Williams, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Hugh Patrick Williams, Army Service Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Leslie Hamlyn Williams, Army Ordnance Depot
    2nd Lieutenant Nigel Oldham Williams, London Regiment, attd. Kings Royal Rifle Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Richard Williams, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Arthur Williams, Army Troops, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Sedley Gerald Williams, General List, Devonshire Regiment, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Rev. Thomas John Williams, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant William Henry Williams, Army Service Corps
    Rev. William James Williams, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Beetram Clough Williams-Ellis, Welsh Guards, attd. Tank Corps
    Captain Hudleston Noel Hedworth Williamson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant John Williamson, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Alfred Gordon Wills, Cambridgeshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Arthur Neville Wilmott, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Stanley Birley Wilmot, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Wilson, Leinster Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Alan Wilson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Alexander Frazer Wilson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant George Henry Wilson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Ronald Wilson, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Herbert Wilson, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William Fothergill Wilson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Roy Ansted Winder, Middlesex Regiment and Tank Corps
    Regimental Sergeant Major Thomas Winderam, Scottish Rifles
    Captain William Palmer Wilton, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Wilberforce Winkworth, Royal Field Artillery
    Sergeant Major John Winmill, Rifle Brigade
    Lieutenant William Meggitt Winter, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant James Percival Winterbotham, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Cuthbert Walter Wise, Army Service Corps and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant George Leslie Keith Wisely, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Charles Watts MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Charles Wood, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain Arderne Relf Wood, Yeomanry
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Constable Wood, Royal Irish Rifles
    Captain Frank Wood, Lancashire Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Kenneth Berridge Wood, Leicestershire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Captain William Vincent Wood, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Cyril Frank Woodbridge Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Bond Wilby Woodhouse, Royal Engineers
    Company Sergeant Major Horace Dawson Woods, Bedforshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Campbell Woolley, South Wales Borderers
    Captain John Sims Woolley, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant William Woolliscroft, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Norman Wootton, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Lieutenant Leslie Graham Wormald, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain William Parker Wrathall, Royal Highlanders
    Temp Captain Clifton Wright, Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Charles Seymour Wright, Royal Engineers, Signal Company
    Captain Egerton Lowndes Wright, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major Harry Joseph Wright, Scots Guards, attd. London Regiment
    Temp Captain Herbert William Wright, Field Company, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Frederic Wright, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Peter Wright, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Wilfred Wright, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Harold Anthony Saxton Wurtele, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Richard John Penfold Wyatt, General List
    Lieutenant and Temp Captain David Courtney Wybrants, Army Service Corps Divisional Supply Column
    Captain Charles Edward Fowler Wynooll, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Guy Richard Charles Wyndham, King's Royal Rifle Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Mainwaring Wynne-Eyton, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Henry George Yates, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant James Yates, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Alec Dawson Young, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant James Young, Royal Scots
    2nd Lieutenant Leslie Abraham, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Johnson Morris Affleck, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Ian Woodford Aitken, Dragoon Guards
    Lieutenant John Aldam Aizlewood, Dragoon Guards
    Lieutenant William Poyntz Alcock, Hussars
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Christopher Rowland Aldereon, Royal Engineers
    Sub-Major Amar Sing Thapa, Sardar Bahadur, Indian Army
    Captain William Herbert Wynne Apperley, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Richard Montgomery Archdale, Hussars
    Temp Lieutenant Albert Herbert Howard Armstrong, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Arnold Bright Ashford, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Edward Gordon Audland, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Alfred Ernest Bagnall, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Captain The Honourable George Evan Michael Baillie, Royal Horse Artillery
    Captain Sidney Charles Ball, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Rev. Humphrey Gordon Barclay, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant Warren Barclay, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    2nd Lieutenant David Crawford Gordon Bardsley, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Wilfred Pease Barker, West Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Roland Todd Barnard, Dragoon Guards
    Temp Sub Lieutenant John Cyril Bartholomew, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Lieutenant Herbert Ralph Barton, Hussars
    Lieutenant Bernard Paul Gascoigne Beanlands, Hampshire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant James Richardson Beckett, North Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Eric Lowthian Bell, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Richard Bell, Border Regiment
    Captain Augustus Charles Herbert Benke, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Richard Reed Bentley, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Humphrey Binney, Essex Regiment Spec. Reserve
    Lieutenant Duncan Blackwell, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Henry Claude Allan Blanchard, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant David Blair, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Stanley George Blake, Gloucestershire Regiment, attd. Devonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Cecil Francis Ramsden Bland, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Reginald Percy Bloor, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Lieutenant Douglas Maryon Bluett, Honourable Artillery Company
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Sidney. Blyth, Royal Scots
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Henry Brooke Boulton, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Booth, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James Duncan Boyd, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant William Boyd, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Royal Engineers
    Captain Allen Basil Bratton, North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Sub Lieutenant Joe Willis Brearley, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Captain George AlbertBrett, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Francis James Bridges, Hussars, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain John Frederick Broughton MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Bernard Loftus Brown, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant John Bruce, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Harry Buckley, Manchester Regiment
    Captain George Talbot Burney, Gordon Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant John Alexander Burton, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Leslie Frederick Burton, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alfred Trego Butler, Worcestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arnold Hewitt Butterworth, Welsh Regiment
    Temp Captain Hugh Vyvian Edward Byrne, Norfolk Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Stewart Calder, London Regiment
    Captain Angus Cameron MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant John Archibald Cameron, Yeomanry, attd. Cameron Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant William Kealty Campbell DSO MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Percy Theodore Carden, General List, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George Thomas Carpenter, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant John William Carr, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Hamilton Carter, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Sidney Carter, East Surrey Regiment
    Captain Charles Denny Carus-Wilson, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Roger Philip Castle, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Bernard Catling, Royal Field Artillery Spec. Reserve
    Temp Captain Charles Launder Chalk, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Reginald M. Charley, Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Harold Smith Christian, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Cyril William Clarke, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Laurence Clarke, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Geoffrey Read Garnett Clarke, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Sub Lieutenant William Herbert Clarkson, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Lieutenant John Scott Cockburn, Hussars
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Hubert Cole, Royal Sussex Regiment
    Captain William Philip Coifox, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Philip Hugh Lumsdeh Campbell Colquhoun, Royal Highlanders
    Lieutenant Herbert Chichester Cory, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Gilmour Cowling, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Charles Richard Cowper, East Surrey Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Frank Craighead, Army Ordnance Depot
    Captain William Nixon Craigs, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Joseph Wilfrid Craven, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas Edward Chapman Crosbie, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Captain Cyril Crossley, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Octavious Sydney Darby-Griffiths, North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Howard Howells Davenport, South Wales Borderers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Charles Davidson, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Douglas Card Davis, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frederick Albert Dawson, East Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant Bernard Lorenzo de Robeck, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Vogan Dipnall, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Myles Dixon, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Alban William Duffield, Royal West Kent Regiment
    Temp Captain Henzell Howard Dummere, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Hubert William Durlacher, London Regiment
    Captain Frederick Norman Eastwood, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Leslie Edwards, Middlesex Regiment, attd. North Lancashire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Pearce Ellis, Yeomanry
    Temp Sub Lieutenant Edgar Archibald Elson, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Leonard Llewellyn Evans, attd. Devonshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Allan Cameron Fairbrother, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant Kenneth Ian Macdonald Fegan, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    2nd Lieutenant Cecil Gordon Fenton, Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Stuart Frederick Maxwell Ferguson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain James Edward McCormick Fetherstonhaugh, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain George de Cardonne Elmsall Findlay, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Fitzgerald, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Hinton Fletcher, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Thomas Forster, Royal Engineers
    Captain Archibald Francis Freeman, Yeomanry, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Walter Fry, Worcestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Joseph Charles Gain, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Wilfred Errol Gane, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Noel Garnett-Clarke, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Edward John Langford Garstin, Middlesex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Lionel Ghasemore Gates, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Pindon Geen, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Harry Taylor Genet, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Terence Genney, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Frederick Charles Gillard, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Geoffrey Ramsay Goldinghain, Royal Marine Light Infantry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Guy Medlicott Goodwin, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Frank Fleming Gow, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Grange, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Johnson Grant, Durham Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant James Gray, Cameron Highlanders, attd. Royal Highlanders
    Captain Douglas Green, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Arthur Gregory, Leicestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Vescy Gregory, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Charles Lawrence Greig, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant David George Griffiths, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Benjamin Ernest Gunns, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Walter Pank Hack, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Walter Churchill Hale, Royal Field Artillery
    Honorary Lieutenant Johann Daniel Hamman, Intelligence Department
    2nd Lieutenant Henry Hammond, Dorsetshire Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    Rev. Latimer Pollard Hardaker, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant William Birrell Hardie, Royal Field Artillery
    Rev. Wilfrid John Harding, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Reginald Bargreaves, South Lancashire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Reginald Kirman Harper, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Frank Eric Harrison, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Alexander Ashworth Haworth, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Beckett Hayes, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Cyril George Hein, Loyal North Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Harald Hewett, Royal Berkshire Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Norman Dudley John Hight, Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick William Pear Hodges, East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Captain Eric O'Neil Hogben, Army Cyclist Corps
    Lieutenant Frank Haddon Holmes, Royal Engineers, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Norman Hope, General List
    Lieutenant Arthur Henry Howard, Yeomanry, attd. West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Harry Howard, attd. Northumberland Fusiliers and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Richard David Howell, Welsh Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Hoyle, South Staffordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Wilfred Hubball, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Frederick Peter Hughes, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd, Lieutenant William Hughes, Bedfordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Albert Edward Thomas Hunt, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Baddon Spurgeon Hunter, Cameron Highlanders
    Lieutenant George Robertson Hunter, Cameron Highlanders, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant James Lionel Hutchison, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Henry Irwin, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant Henry James Ivens, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Frederick Stephens Jasper, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Vivian Henry Jenkin, East Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Stephen Jenkins, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Banks Jenkinson, Cavalry, attd. Lancers
    2nd Lieutenant Edwin Cyril Jervis, West Riding Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William James Johnston, Cameron Highlanders
    Rev. William Alcuin Jones, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant James Jordan, Dragoon Guards
    Captain William Joynson, Hussars
    2nd Lieutenant Lionel Evelyn Graham Judge, North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Kekhasru Sobraji Master MB Indian Medical Service
    Lieutenant Lindsay Patrick Grellan Kelly, Lancers
    Temp Captain Percy Hubert Keys, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Walter Hayton Kirkconel, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Geoffrey Knowles, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant George William Koplick, East Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Medium Trench Mortar Battery
    Lieutenant Conrad T. Lally, Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Charles Willington Tremaine Lane, Dragoon Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Joseph Larkin, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Russell Latimer, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Vincent Augustus Lawrence, North Lancashire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Reginald John Wilson Ledingham, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas Lever, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Henry Lewis, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Henry Watson Lindsley, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Tryweryn Lloyd MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Local, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Rupert Gordon Lockner, South Wales Borderers
    Lieutenant Richard Cyril Longley, London Regiment
    Captain William Poulett Lousada, Norfolk Regiment
    Captain Archibald Moir Park Lyle, Yeomanry, attd. Royal Highlanders
    Lieutenant Percy Hugh Beverley Lyon, Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant John Michael Lyons, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Richard Clarke Lyons, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Donald Murray Macfarlane, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Captain James MacGregor MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Kenneth John Macintosh, attd. Indian Army
    Lieutenant Robert Maclntyre, Yeomanry, attd. Cameron Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Hugh Peter Mackay, Seaforth Highlanders
    Temp Captain James Murdoch MacKay MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Robert Bruce Darrell MacLeod, Cameron Highlanders
    Lieutenant Harry Dunbar Maconochie, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Phillip Mallett, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Mann, Army Service Corps and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Thomas Manning, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain David Matthew MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Frederick William Broadbent Maufe, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Walter James Manley, South Wales Borderers
    Lieutenant Lionel Frederick Marson, Dragoon Guards
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Gerald William Massey, South Wales Borderers
    2nd Lieutenant Sydney Herbert Matthews, Yeomanry
    Rev. Hugh McCalman, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Alfred James Angel McCabe-Dallas, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Rankin McIlroy, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Lieutenant James Reston McLeod, Royal Engineers
    Captain Philip McRitchie, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Edward Hastings Medhurst, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Wilfrid Law Mellor, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain John Homer Miller, Manchester Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Francis Sydney Milligan, Liverpool Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Harry Mills, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Medium Trench Mortar Battery
    2nd Lieutenant Norman Crompton Mitchell, North Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Raymond Mobberley, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Benjamin Mollett, West Riding Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Peter Joseph Moloney, Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Frewen Moor, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant William Shorland Mosse, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Harold Alexander Mossnian, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Geoffrey Gore Moule, Hussars
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Vivian Falconer Murdoch, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Joseph Murphy, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Cecil Frederick Nathan, General List and R.F.C
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Alexander Nicholl, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Rundle Nicol, attd. Essex Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Louis Carverhill Nockels, North Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Dudley William John North, Hussars
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Charles William Nott, South Wales Borderers
    2nd Lieutenant Alphoeus Frederick Nye, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Captain Arthur David Openshaw, Essex Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Walter Osborn, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Ernest Trafford Owles, Royal Irish Fusiliers, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Cyril Joseph Oake, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Gerard Edward Palmer, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Leonard Oscar Parkes, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant William Grindlay Paterson, Yeomanry, attd. Cameron Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant Napier Edward Lewis Pearse, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Hicks Peck, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Leonard Jasper Peck, Indian Army Reserve of Officers attd. Indian Army
    2nd Lieutenant Francis Grove Peddle, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Edgar Percival DSO MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Reginald Thomas George Perkins, Army Service Corps
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant Arthur Morson Perry, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    2nd Lieutenant Walter Ernest Phillips, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Henry Pillman, Cavalry, attd. Dragoon Guards
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Pithouse, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Godwin Free Flatten, attd. Norfolk Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Hubert Christopher Barker Plummer, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Pollitt, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant George Alexander Porterfield, Worcestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Reginald Poole Pridham, Devonshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Vernon Powell, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Maurice Aloysius Power MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Sylvester Lindsay Quine, Cheshire Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Cyril George Radford, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Reginald Thompson Raine, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Eustratio Lucas Ralli, Royal Field Artillery
    Rev. John Edward Reilly, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Lieutenant James Renwick, Royal Engineers
    Captain Gerald Nairne Reynolds, Lancers
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas William Richardson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Riddel, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant George Thomas Roberts, London Regiment
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant Norman Roberts, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Roberts, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Christopher Rogers MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Gray Ronaldson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Rev. Canon Arthur Edwin Ross, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Hugo Donald Ross, Cameron Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Evan William Rowlands, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Francis Russell, Leinster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant George Sheavyn Sale, Hussars
    Temp Captain Lewis Gordon Sandford, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant William Mollison Sangster, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Kenneth Gerald Sclanders, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Hubert Scott, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William Gunn Scott, Yeomanry, attd. Royal Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant William Scott-Moncrieff, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Willock Scroggie, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas Richard Barter Seigne, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Donald Humphrey Sessions, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Samuel Brian Shannon, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Frank Alan Sheen, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Joseph Ashworth Shepherd, North Lancashire Regiment, attd. London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Simpson, Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Vincent Sims, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Skeat, Essex Regiment
    Lieutenant Howard Strong Smallman, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Neville George Smith, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Edward Coultrnan Snape, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Temp Lieutenant Jerrold Bernard Solomon, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Ralph Alfred Erskine Somerville, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Leon Joseph Gustave Souchon, Hussars
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Sparling, West Riding Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Spencer, London Regiment
    Captain John Blanchard Springman, Yeomanry, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Captain Wintringham Norton Stable, Yeomanry, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Stevens, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Douglas Storrs, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas William Tyler Street, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Gilbert Arthur Streeter, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Albert Henry Streets, London Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Maurice Strode, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Studley, Royal Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Glanville Syme, Seaforth Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James McEwen Thomson Taylor, Cameron Highlanders
    Captain Philip Herbert Teesdale, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Charley Tennison, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Alan Raymond Tetlow, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Franklin Thomasson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Taylor Thompson, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Thomas Alexander Lacy Thompson, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Stanley James Till, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William Harry Topliss-Green, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Reginald Herman Tribe, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Charles William Rowland Tuke, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Alfred John Tyler, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Cyril Thomas Underhay, London Regiment
    Lieutenant John Lyne Vachell, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain Henry Bernard van Praagh, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Egbert Vautier, Royal Field Artillery, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Walker, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James Robinson Walker, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Matthew Henry Walker, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Roger Beverley Walker, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Henry Wallington, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Cyril Michael Chavannes Ward, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Frank Denis Warren, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Charles Louis Waters, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Frederick Watts, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Harold Webb, attd. Manchester Regiment
    Temp Captain John Webster, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Walter Kenneth Hutchison Welbourne, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Weld, Leinster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Wellbelove, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Sub-Lieutenant William Wellwood, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant John William Kinch Wernham, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Westby, Royal Marine Light Infantry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Ralph Archibald White, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Robert Percy Frith White, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles James Mackie Whittaker, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant f. Raynsford Leopold Wemyss Whittaker, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Ralph Piggott Whittington-Ince, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Humphrey Wolsey Wrightwick, London Regiment, attd. Tank Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Leslie Barnard Williams, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Corbett Williamson, Royal Marine Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Edwin Ernest Wilson, King's African Rifles
    Rev. Bertram Wolferstan, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant John Herbert Greenwood Womersley, Royal Garrison Artillery and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Sydney George Wood, Northumberland Fusiliers, attd. Royal Engineers
    Captain John Francis Wortley, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Albert Edmund Wright, South Staffordshire Regiment
    Honorary Lieutenant and Riding Master Arthur Ernest Wright, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Samuel Pearson Yates, Hussars
    Company Sergeant Major Alfred Edward Edwards, North Lancashire Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major John Love, London Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major Charles MacDonald, Manchester Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major James William Whiteside, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant Herbert Mayon Adams, Worcestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Peter Adamson, North Lancashire Regiment
    Lieutenant Norman Greathed Alexander Alexander, Grenadier Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Bruce Allan, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Captain Charles Royle Allen, Manchester Regiment
    Lieutenant Abraham Clifford Altham, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Douglas John Amery-Parkes, Middlesex Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Archer, attd. West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Leslie Vernon Ardagh, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Archibald Theodore Arrol
    Temp Lieutenant Francis Douglas Arundell, British South Africa Police
    Captain Robert Vacy Clifford Ash, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Laurence Ashling, Hampshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Pennington Ashton, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Augustus Samuel Aylward, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Babbage, Gloucestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Evan Murray Macgregor Balfour, Scots Guards
    2nd Lieutenant William Treanor Ball, Liverpool Regiment
    Lieutenant Wilfrid Barnard, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Captain John Canning Lethbridge Barnett, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Crocker Edmund Barrington, Royal Field Artillery, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Scott Barrowman, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Basil Dixon Bate, General List attd. Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest Montague Bates, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Bateson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Baxendale, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George-Beaumont, East Surrey Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Nathaniel Harry Beedham, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Richard George Garfield Beesley, Norfolk Regiment
    Lieutenant George Clarence Beetham, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Captain Karl Vere Barker-Benfield DSO Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Gorton Vaughan Bernays, West Riding Regiment
    Captain Arthur Joseph Beveridge MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Henry Anthony Birkbeck, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Douglas Black, West Riding Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James McKinlay Black, Highland Light Infantry
    Captain John Holiday Blackburn MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Alec Stuart Blacklaws, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant William Norman Bladen, North Staffordshire Regiment
    Captain Thomas Reginald Blain, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant William Robert Blair, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant Harold Ernest Blunt, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant John Boden Boden, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Eyton FitzGerald Bond, Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Geoffrey Lezaire Bonsor, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Harrison Bordass, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas James Bolle Bosvile, Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant Robert Matthew Boyle, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Norman Napier Evelyn Bray, Indian Cavalry
    2ad Lieutenant James Brockman, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Cecil Bernard Brooke, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Ralph Seath Stark Brown, General List, and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Oliver Campbell Bryson, Yeomanry, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Lieutenant James William Buckley, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Paul Ward Spencer Bulman, General List, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Alfred Haunsell Burman, Rifle Brigade, Spec. Reserve
    Temp Lieutenant Alexander Brown Burton, Highland Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant John Lewen Byrne, Seaforth Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant David Dandie Cairnie, Seaforth Highlanders
    Lieutenant Donald Campbell, Seaforth Highlanders
    Captain Donald Swinton Campbell, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Sir William Andrews Ava Campbell Bt Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Alexander James Walker Carnie, Gordon Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant William Alexander Christie Carr, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick William Arthur Carter, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Cassidy, attd. Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Clifford Worthley Caswell, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant Michael Chapman, Grenadier Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Chapman, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Albany Kenneth Charlesworth, Dragoon Guards
    Lieutenant Robert Leslie Chidlaw-Roberts, Hampshire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant James Martin Child, Manchester Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Leslie Howard Chivers, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Lawrence Clarson, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Harry Cleal, Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Harold Gardiner Cobon, Yeomanry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Cocker, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant Harry Ronald Collier, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Lieutenant Arthur Edgar Gerald Collins, Royal Engineers
    Captain Dennis Comins, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Edmund Samuel Winter Cooke, South Wales Borderers
    2nd Lieutenant John Henry Cooper, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain Joseph Victor, Cope MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas Charles Cooper, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant Henry Frank Cornick, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Cowherd, Worcestershire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas William Cox, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Miles Crabtree, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Edward Archibald Crane, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Kenneth Northcote Crisford, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Henry Crouch, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Ison Cuffley, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain James Cuthbert, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Charles Harry Rutherford Dain, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Richard Edward Darnley, Army Service Corps
    Captain Charles O'Brien Daunt, Indian Cavalry
    Captain Evan John Carne David, Yeomanry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James Douglas Davidson, attd. Rifle Brigade
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant David Morris Davies, attd. Welsh Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Talvin Davies, Welsh Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Herbert Davies, Durham Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James Ernest Davis, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Joseph Frederick Davis, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Walter Ernest Davis, Gloucestershire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Frank Henry Dear, Royal Sussex Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas William Deeves, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant Henry Eustace Bligh de Gruchy, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Louis Anthony de Jongh, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William George Denereaz, Border Regiment
    Temp Captain Charles Beauclerk Despard, Dragoons
    Lieutenant Joseph Charles Brendin Devoy, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant James Dicks, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp Captain David McMurray Dickson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant George Leishman Dickson, Highland Light Infantry
    Lieutenant George Eric Attwood Disturnal, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant George Humphrey Stansfield Dixon, Royal Horse Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Priestly Donne, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Charles Henry Dore, L.C.
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas Crook Duckworth DCM Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Joseph Hume Dudgeon, Dragoons
    Lieutenant Ian Archibald James Duff, Dorsetshire Regiment, and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Edmund Lloyd Hain Dunkerton, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant S. Dutt, Indian Medical Service
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frank Eames, South Wales Borderers
    Lieutenant Albert Ewan Earle, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Frederick Francis Edbrooke, Yeomanry
    Temp Lieutenant John Edmunds Edwards, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Ace Edwards, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Winterbottom Elliott, Bedfordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Albert Ellwood, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Bertram Entwistle, Leicestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Christmas Richard Evans, Welsh Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Henry Evans, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant William Alfred Everitt, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Everton, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Cecil Eves, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Douglas Falconer, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Sydney Ernest Farbon, attd. Northamptonshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Fawcett, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain George Fenwick-Owen, Yeomanry
    Captain Fritz Eberhard Ferguson, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Leighton Moore Ferrie, Royal Flying Corps
    Captain John Douglas Fiddes, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Frank William Fielding, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant George Sidney Fillingham, Durham Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Philip Gerard Finch, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Finney, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Richard Helden Forster, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant George Flett, Seaforth Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Hubert Charles Franklin, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant John Courtney Fraser, Grenadier Guards, attd. Machine Gun Guards
    Captain John Henry Pearson Fraser MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ernest Howard Freer, Royal Engineers
    Temp Lieutenant Francis Aylmer Frost, Cavalry
    Captain Joseph Lawrence Fry, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Claude Furlong, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Philip Jacob Gaffiin MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Henry John Gale MM Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant David Menmuir Gall, Scottish Rifles
    Temp Captain Hugh Bernard German, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Harry Ashfield Giles, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Edward Giles, King's Own Scottish Borderers Spec. Reserve
    Temp Captain Francis Joseph Glynn, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Frederick William Goddard, Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Archibald Gordon, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain James Hall McIntosh Gordon, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant Kenneth Gordon, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Victor Gould, Seaforth Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant John Kenneth Leslie Graham, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Lancelot Cecil Torbock Graham, Indian Cavalry
    2nd Lieutenant Henry Herbert Brett Grain, Cambridgeshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Frank Arthur Grange MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Alwyne Graves, attd. Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Edwin Allan Thomas Green, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Alexander Anton Gunn, Seaforth Highlanders
    Lieutenant Reginald Hale-White, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Augustus Henry Hall, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Hall, Worcestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Alexander Hunter Halliday, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Arthur Collis Hallowes MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Prank George Hamilton, Royal Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Cyril Elmore Hammond, Irish Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Herbert Hardaker, West Riding Regiment
    Captain Henry Norman Harding, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant The Honourable Alexander Henry Louis Hardinge, Grenadier Guards
    Lieutenant Archibald Percy Harris, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Ernest Edward Harris, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Eric William Harris, West Riding Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Nathan Leonard Harris, attd. Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Stanley Dickinson Harrison, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Stewart Sandbach Harrison, Irish Guards, attd. Machine Gun Guards
    Captain Henry John Harvey, King's Own Scottish Borderers
    Lieutenant Marcus Goodbody Haughton, Yeomanry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Albert Hawkes, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Thomas Hawkins, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Percival Hay, Welsh Regiment
    Lieutenant Sidney Pascoe Hayward, West Riding Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur William Haywood, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Gregory Ignatius George Michael Thomas Head, Suffolk Regiment
    Lieutenant Albert Victor Heal, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Thomas Healey, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Godfrey Heathcock, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant John Hector, Gordon Highlanders
    Lieutenant Cuthbert Charles Hedges, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Gordon Henderson, Middlesex Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Paul Matthew Heptinstall, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Nathaniel Hess, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Austen Heyes, attd. Liverpool Regiment
    Temp Captain Charles Frederick Highett, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant John James Hill, York & Lancaster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Samuel Frederick Hill, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas Ide Hill, Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Francis Percy Hodge, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Frederick Griffith Hollis, East Kent Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Robert Christmas Hollis, Lancers, and Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant James Reginald Hucker, East Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant Charles Kerielm Hulbert, Wiltshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Charles Ibbott, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Cecil Eustace Irby, Grenadier Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Harry Irish, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Joseph Henry Irons, West Riding Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Stanley Jack, West Riding Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Stewart Spiers Jackson, Worcestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant William Jaffrey, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Temp Lieutenant Paul Theodore James, Army Service Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James Jenkins, Northumberland Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Louis Augustus Fram Jeppe, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Roger Bridge Johnson, Hussars
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Walter Johnston, attd. Border Regiment
    Lieutenant William Jeffray Johnstone, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant George Basil Harris Jones, Yeomanry
    Temp Captain James Phillips Jones, Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Kenneth Leslie Jones, Welsh Regiment
    Temp Captain Frederick Bennett Julian MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Douglas Gordon Kemp, Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Nathaniel Kennedy, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Lawrence Kimberley, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Captain George Geoffrey Kinder, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Donald King, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Edward Kinkead, Bedfordshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Albert Marlow Kinnear, General List, and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Alfred Ovenden Knight, North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Arnold Kirkham, attd. Middlesex Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Hubert Knight, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Leonard Harry Knowles, Suffolk Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Willie Knowles, West Riding Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Kyle Knox, Royal Irish Rifles
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Edward Dion Lane, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Hardinge Lathom-Browne, Royal Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Raymond Duff Lawford, Grenadier Guards
    Lieutenant Percy Hastings Leach, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Francis John Lear, Royal Horse Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Stanley Lee, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Esmé Gordon Linton, King Edward's Horse
    Temp Lieutenant Albert Peregrine Lloyd, Welsh Regiment
    Lieutenant John Charles Lloyd, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Walter Edward Lovejoy, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Lunn, Worcestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Francis Murray Bernard Lutyens, Coldstream Guards
    2nd Lieutenant Robert George Macadam, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Malcolm Macfarlane, Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Arthur Griffiths Maitland-Jones, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant John Mackenzie, Seaforth Highlanders
    Lieutenant William Wyllie MacNaught MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Mactaggart, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Captain Manliffe Unsworth Manly, Border Regiment
    Rev. Charles Campbell Manning, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp Captain James Manuel MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant John Marshall MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant William Edward Albert Masters, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Ronald Frank Strickland Mauduit, Dragoon Guards and Royal Flying Corps
    Captain Aymer Douglas Maxwell, Royal Scots
    Lieutenant Herbert Richard Dudfield May, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Reginald Walter May, Welsh Regiment
    Temp Captain Duncan John McAfee MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Russell Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Frederick Buick McCarter MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Conolly John Hillhouse McCausland, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James McFarlane, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Maurice Anderdon McFerran, Royal Irish Rifles
    Lieutenant James Gordon McIntyre, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant John Patrick McKemzie, attd. Royal Engineers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas McKnight, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Guy Wilkinson Meats, West Yorkshire Regiment, Spec
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick William Meston, Gordon Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Harry Metcalfe, West Riding Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Leonard John Miles, Essex Regiment
    Captain Owen Miles, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Ernest Leonard Mills, London Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant George Henry Mills, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant William Watt Milne, Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant George Esmond Milward, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Allan Mitchell, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant Eric Sydney Mitchell, Worcestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James Mitchell, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Alaric Rimington Moncrieff, Dragoons
    Temp Captain James Allen Montgomery MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Donald Arthur Birbeck Moodie, Irish Guards
    2nd Lieutenant John Moor, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James Alexander Moreland, Royal Irish Rifles
    Rev. Abraham Rees Morgan, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant David Floyd Popkin Morgan, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Henry Morris, Middlesex Regiment
    Temp2nd Lieutenant Edward Morris, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Captain George Morris MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Frederick Morrison, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant David Assur Henry Moses, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Edward James Moss, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Cecil Eric Moy, London Regiment
    Captain James Belling Mudge, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Risaldar Mukand Singh Bahadur, Indian Cavalry
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Ernest Mulholland, Royal Horse Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant William Thomas John Munday, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant James Hendrie Munro, Seaforth Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Martin, Munro, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant John Neil, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Alexander Millar Meish, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Lieutenant Richard Robert Oakley, Yeomanry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Benjamin Fiellerup O'Dowda, Royal Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Bruce Oliver, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Henry Marsden Oliver, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Walter Hugh Ormiston Hugh, London Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Evan Edward Owens, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant William Walter Keith Page, attd. Indian Cavalry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Dennis Lello Adkins Paine MM Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Robert McAulay Park, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant William Bullus Parker, East Surrey Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Albert Parry, Worcestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James Henry Partridge, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Captain Jesse John Paskin, Worcestershire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Hanna Patterson, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Frederick Charles Peel, General List
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Charles Ernest Pegram, Rifle Brigade
    Rev. Albert Frederick Pentney, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Francis George Wood Pepper, West Riding Regiment
    Captain Harold Dobson Pickles MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Frederick William Piggin, Yeomanry
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Lawrence Porteous, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Bennis Hammond Portway, Yeomanry
    Rev. Henry Regan Potter, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain William Gerald Howell Powell-Edwards, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Frank Whitchurch Priaulx, Scots Guards
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Price, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain John Alexander Pridham, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Inkerman T. Pritchard, Worcestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Arthur Montague William Proctor, Suffolk Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Herbert Victor Pugh, Dorsetshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James William Pugh, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Peter Purcell-Gilpin, Scots Guards
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Forrest Raeside, Royal Lancaster Regiment
    Captain William Taunton Raikes, South Wales Borderers, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Thomas Alexander Rattray, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Geoffrey Earle Raven, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ernest Hubert Rawson, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Stanley Richard, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Richards, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Victor Richards, Dorsetshire Regiment
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Henry Shred Roberts, Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Roberts, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain John Price Roberts, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Thomas Norman Roberts, Royal Garrison Artillery
    Captain William Robertson MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Vyvyan Arthur Hemming Robeson, Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Alfred Robinson, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Gilbert Arthur Robinson, West Yorkshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John Lister Rodger, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Boulivant Rogers, Shropshire Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant William Wendell Rogers, Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Cyril Williams Rowlands, London Regiment
    Temp Captain Lionel Matthew Rowlette DSO Royal Army Medical Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant George Matthew Runiball, Yeomanry
    Lieutenant Alec Charles Russell, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Cedric Russell MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Henry Thornbury Fox Russell, Royal Welsh Fusiliers and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George Rutherford, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp Captain Robert Rutherford MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Albert Henry Salmon, Gordon Highlanders
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Eric Denton Samuel, attd. Middlesex Regiment
    Captain Mervyn Savill, London Regiment
    Lieutenant Edward Charles Sawyer, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Captain Alfred Carlisle Sayer, Yeomanry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Percy Scholes, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Shairp, L.C.
    Temp Captain William Harold Nelson Shakespeare, Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Lawrence Ernest Shaw-Lawrence, East Kent Regiment and Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Gilbert Recklaw Singleton-Gates, Hampshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant James Anderson Slater, General List and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ernest Rees Smith, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Frank James Smith MM Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant John Hunter Smith, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Joseph Harold Smith, Border Regiment
    Lieutenant Joseph Thomson Smith, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Victor Wallace Smith, Indian Army Reserve of Officers
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Isaiah Somerset, Royal Irish Rifles
    Lieutenant Patrick Magnus Spence, Grenadier Guards
    Lieutenant Humphrey Henry Sloane Stanley, Grenadier Guards
    Lieutenant James Stewart, Royal Horse Artillery
    Captain William Stewart, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Walter John Stokes, Worcestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant Edgar James Stone, Royal Guernsey Light Infantry
    Rev. Frank Stone MA Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Stanley James Stotesbury, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Lieutenant James Strachan, Gordon Highlanders
    Lieutenant Harry Easterbrook Knollys Stranger, Royal Guernsey Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Ralph Tyacke Stratton, Cavalry
    Lieutenant Stewart O'Roke Surridge, York & Lancaster Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Charles Stevens Sutherland, Northumberland Fusiliers
    Temp Captain Brian Herbert Swift MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Neville Cropley Swift, East Lancashire Regiment
    Temp Captain John Roy Symes, South Wales Borderers
    Temp Lieutenant Reginald Stanislaus Victor Talbot, Gloucestershire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Harold Vincent Tewson, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Herbert James Thomas, Liverpool Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Reginald Thomas, South Wales Borderers
    Temp Lieutenant Ernest John Tytler Thompson, Highland Light Infantry
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant George Thompson, York & Lancaster Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Joseph Thompson, West Riding Regiment
    Captain Arthur Peregrine Thomson, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Douglas Gordon Thomson, Rifle Brigade
    2nd Lieutenant George Frederick Thorn, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas Thornton, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Fred Herbert Thubron, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Thomas Ernest Tildesley, North Staffordshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Alfred Eric Titley, Devonshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Ernest James Tranter, Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Thomas Trohear, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Hugh Martin Trower, Middlesex Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Beazley Tyner DCM Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Leo Francis Veal, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain George Dibbs King Waldron MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Thomas John Walford, Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant James Graham Bryce Walker, Highland Light Infantry
    Captain Douglas Larmer Wall MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant William John Ward, London Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Moss Wardell, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Francis Ernest Warran, attd. Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Washington, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Temp Lieutenant Joseph Gilbert Webb, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Nicholas Victor Webber, Shropshire Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Kemp Wellwood, Seaforth Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Harnston Weston, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Frederick Victor White, Royal Field Artillery
    Captain John Donald White DSO Middlesex Regiment
    Lieutenant Robert White, London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Arthur Whitfield, Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur George Whittington, Middlesex Regiment
    Captain Dysart Edward Whitworth, Indian Cavalry
    Lieutenant Harold Gwynne Wiggins, Grenadier Guards
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Henry Wild, Lancashire Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Alfred Leonard Wilkes, Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Arthur Stuart Williams, Royal Welsh Fusiliers
    2nd Lieutenant Edward Tom Williams, Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Frank Williams, Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant John Wilson, Yeomanry
    Temp Captain Emilius Albert Ernest Wilson-Weichart, Army Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant George Howard Wintle, Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Gordon Thomas Worn, Norfolk Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant James Wijliam Worth, West Yorkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Richard Louis Wreford-Brown, Welsh Guards
    Rev. Arthur Basil Wright, Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Edward Grigg Wylie, Durham Light Infantry
    Captain James Anderson Young, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain James Carruthers Young MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Hamilton Langdon Yorke, Yeomanry
    Battery Sergeant Major George Fettis Bowden, Royal Field Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major Albert Brough DCM West Yorkshire Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major John Cameron, Royal Highlanders
    Company Sergeant Major Joseph Carroll, Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Sergeant Major Frank Hulbert, Royal Army Medical Corps
    Company Sergeant Major Thomas Jones, South Wales Borderers
    Company Sergeant Major Herbert Henry Stone, South Wales Borderers
    Sergeant Major Robert Millar Lowe Walkinshaw MM London Regiment

    Australian Imperial Force

    Captain Cyril Abey, Headquarters, Australian Army Service Corps
    Captain Victor Clarkson Alderson, Infantry
    Captain Arthur Max Allen, Engineers
    Captain Ernest Sleeman Anderson, Engineers
    Lieutenant William Thomas Anderson, Tunneling Company, attd. Mining and Boring Company
    Lieutenant Daniel Herbert Anthon, Infantry
    Lieutenant Reginald Bartley Ashe, Engineers
    Captain Basil Spence Atkinson, Infantry
    Rev. Michael Bergin, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Alexander Bickers, Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Ewen Mackay Bland, Infantry
    Rev. Joseph John Booth, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Rev. Vivian Roy Bradbury, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Arthur Clarence Brewster, Infantry
    Lieutenant Claude Edmund Burke, Field Artillery
    Captain Edmund Louis Burke, Field Artillery
    Captain Harold Burke, Infantry
    Captain Henry Charles Dight Cadell, Infantry
    Captain Archibald Eric Gordon Campbell, Anzac Imperial Camel Corps
    Captain Cecil James Carroll, Infantry
    Captain Alexander Chalmers, Pioneer Battalion
    Captain Charles Mulso Compigne Chase, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Frederick Graham Spower Cherry, Infantry, attd. Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Lieutenant Ernest Hector Christian, Infantry
    Lieutenant Raymond Arthur Clarie, Infantry
    Captain Robert Adam Clinton, Tunneling Company, Engineers
    Rev. Francis Clune, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Robert Calvin, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Montague Bell Cory, Machine Gun Company
    Lieutenant Charles William Couchman, Infantry, attd. Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain George Hinchcliffe Crowther, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Davidson, Imperial Camel Corps
    Captain Algernon Wiseman Davis, Infantry
    Captain Charles Alfred Melbourne Dearham, Infantry
    Captain Keith McKeddie Doig, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Roger Douglas, Machine Gun Company
    Rev. William Keith Douglas, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Captain Granville Stuart Down, Ordnance Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Leo Dunn, Pioneer Battalion
    Captain Claude Cadman Easterbrook, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain George Stephenson Elliott, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Albert Bruchiaux Ellis, Artillery
    Captain Alfred William Leslie Ellis, Flying Corps
    Captain Sidney Ernest Evans, Engineers
    Captain Wilfred Evans, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Fred Evans, Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant Eric Samuel Everett, Machine Gun Company
    Captain Challenger George Farmer, Australian Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Robert David Fisher, Infantry
    Captain Stanley Fletcher, Australian Army Veterinary Corps
    Captain Robert Bruce Forsyth, Infantry
    Captain William Murray Fowler, Infantry
    Captain Alexander Fraser, Infantry
    Captain Alexander Hugh Fraser, Infantry
    Lieutenant Herbert John Gee, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Daniel Robert Glasgow, Australian Army Service Corps
    Rev. Hubert Keith Gordon, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Captain Walter Duncross Goudie, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant Norman Graham, Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Frank Clifton Green, Infantry
    Lieutenant James Grieve, Australian Army Ordnance Corps
    Captain Henry James Gurd, Field Artillery
    Captain Ross Alexander Peden Hamilton, Australian Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Hector John Harrison, Infantry
    Lieutenant Gilbert Harry, Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Herbert Stanley Hawker, Infantry
    Captain John Martin Hawkey, Infantry
    Lieutenant Ronald Graham Henderson, Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Peter Hendley, Artillery
    Lieutenant Walter Henry Higgins, Engineers
    Captain Robert Irvine Hillard, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Mervyn Hobbs, Artillery
    Captain Richard Hastings Hudson, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Edward Hughes, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant James Dawson Johnston, Infantry, attd. Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Lieutenant Rupert Charles Jones, Infantry
    Captain Coleman Henry Joseph, Engineers
    Lieutenant James Edward Keating, Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Stanley Roy Kent, Infantry
    Captain Henry Mackay Laity, Australian Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant George Arthur Lamerton, Infantry
    Lieutenant Cyril Lawrence, Engineers
    Lieutenant Harold Alexander Letch, Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant John Henry Lilley, Infantry
    Lieutenant James Hemery Lindon, Pioneer Battalion
    Regimental Sergeant Major Harry Lindsay, Infantry
    Captain John Caruthers Little, Infantry
    Lieutenant Clarence Robert Collie Lundy, Pioneer Battalion
    Captain Walter Gordon Lush, Engineers
    Lieutenant Andrew Gardiner Macallister, Artillery
    Lieutenant Malcolm Hilliard McDougall, Imperial Camel Corps
    Captain Alfred Oswald McMullin, Artillery
    Captain Edward James McNabb, Infantry
    Captain Harry Akhurst Mann, Infantry
    Captain Henry Fitzgerald Maudsley, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Leonard May, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Wolseley Mercer, Australian Army Service Corps
    Rev. Alfred Avery Mills, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Captain Bruce Minter, Artillery
    Captain Gerald Vincent Moriarty, Artillery
    Lieutenant Herbert Fraser Morrison, Infantry
    Lieutenant Walter John Mullett, Australian Army Service Corps
    Rev. Thomas Mullins, Chaplain to the Forces, Australian Imperial Force
    Captain Archibald James Murray, Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain John Francis Murray, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Henry Robert Neale, Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Frederick Bedford Newell, Infantry
    Lieutenant Alan John Newlands, Infantry, attd. Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Lieutenant George William Norfolk, E. and M. Mining and Boring Company, Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Douglas Gordon Oakley, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Francis O'Connell, Infantry
    Rev. John Edward Norman Osborn MA Australian Chaplains' Department
    Captain George Harry Oswald, Infantry
    Captain Frank Edmund Page, Infantry, attd. Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Ernest Kent Parry, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Pascoe, Infantry
    Captain Donald Barclay Payne, Infantry
    Lieutenant Harold Ford Pearson, Infantry
    Captain Clarence Abraham Pyke, Australian Army Service Corps
    Captain Cyril Norman Richardson, Infantry
    Captain Arthur Lancelot Rickard, Artillery
    Captain Herbert John Joseph Rigney, Australian Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Harold Edgar Roach, Artillery
    Captain Leonard Nairn Roach, Infantry
    Captain James Stanley Rogers, Infantry
    Captain George Rosevear, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Louis Carle Roth, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant Clifford Lionel Clarence Howe, Australian Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Hugh Russel, Tunneling Company, Engineers
    Captain Arthur Percival St. John, Infantry
    Captain Stanley George Savige, Infantry
    Captain Colin Coape Simson, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Captain George Henry Glencross Smith, Infantry
    Lieutenant Rupert Frank Smith, Engineers
    Warrant Officer, 2nd Class, George Snowdon, Artillery
    Rev. Alexander MacEwen Stevenson, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Captain John Edward Graham Stevenson, Engineers
    Captain Geoffrey Austin Street, Infantry
    Lieutenant Colin Pride Stumm, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Charles Bowmont Taylor, Infantry
    Warrant Officer, 1st Class, Edgar George Thompson, Artillery
    Lieutenant George Richard Thompson, Engineers
    Lieutenant Stanley Towns, Infantry
    Lieutenant Arthur Harold Traves, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant Francis John Tuckett, Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant John Vincent Tunbridge, Flying Corps
    Regimental Sergeant Major Ernest Vernon Tuson, Infantry
    Lieutenant Arthur Cyril Roy Waite, Artillery
    Lieutenant Frederick Mitchell Waite, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Neville Wallach, Infantry
    Rev. Frederick Greenfield Ward, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Captain Augustine William Wardell, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Albert Leslie Watson, Infantry
    Lieutenant Roy Gordon Webster, Infantry
    Captain Robert Marriott William Webster, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Richard Packer Wheeler, Australian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Arthur Charles White, Infantry
    Lieutenant Reginald Wilkinson, attd. Signal Company, Royal Engineers
    Rev. Frederick Percy Williams, Australian Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant Garnet Angus Williamson, Infantry
    Captain Frank Alan Wisdom, Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Stanley Stuart Woods, Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant-James Sutherland Beavis, Infantry
    Captain Norman Gorton Booth, Infantry
    2nd Lieutenant Alfred Percival Brown, Infantry
    Lieutenant Cecil Olbers Clark, Infantry
    Lieutenant Henry Lawrence Foster, Infantry
    Lieutenant Leslie Hubert Holden, Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant Richard Watson Howard, Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant Frederick George Huxley, Forestry Corps
    Captain Charles Launcelot Moule, Infantry
    Captain Roy Cecil Phillips, Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant Harry Taylor, Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant Gordon Campbell Wilson, Forestry Corps
    Lieutenant William Martin Bermingham, Machine Gun Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Richard Henry Blomfield, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Markham Carter, Light Horse Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Francis Cawley, Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Harry Payne Chamberlain, Army Service Corps
    Captain Archibald John Collins, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Charles Robinson Cox, Infantry
    Captain Jack Rupert Cyril Davies, Light Horse Regiment
    Lieutenant William Lezlie Garrard, Infantry
    Captain Telford Graham Gilder, Infantry
    Captain Eric Macallan Gordon-Glassford, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Norbert Griffin, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Ferdinand Charles Heberle, Infantry
    Lieutenant Bert James Jackson, Infantry
    Lieutenant Herbert John James, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Heber Johnson, Infantry
    Captain Eric Stanley Kater, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Hugh Edward Kirkland, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Kissane, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Ernest William Latchford, Infantry
    Captain Guy Ardlaw Lawrance, Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Shaw. Mackay, Army Medical Corps
    Captain Melrose Holton Mailer, Army Medical Corps
    Captain John Grieve Paterson, Infantry
    Captain Charles Robert Pinney, Infantry
    Lieutenant Thomas Clifton Pittaway, Infantry
    Captain William Dempsey Quilty, Army Medical Corps
    Captain Norman Gordon Rae, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Albert David Reid, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Julian Walter Richards, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Rodney Keith Robey, Light Horse Regiment
    Captain Clive Frederic Robinson, Army Medical Corps
    Captain Walter John Rose, Pioneers
    Lieutenant William Richard Staton, Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Stephen Upton Timewell, Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Gordon Walduck, Infantry
    Captain and Flight Commander Stanhope Irwing Winter-Irving, Australian Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant John Frederiok Wood, Infantry

    Canadian Force

    Captain Herbert Charles Allison, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant William Kennedy Anderson, Infantry and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Alfred Edward Baker, Motor Machine Gun Corps
    Captain James Nunn Bales, Infantry
    Lieutenant Clarence Vivian Bishop, Artillery
    Lieutenant Lennox Graham Black, Infantry, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Captain Frank Thompson Bown, Infantry
    Captain Richard Redmond Brough, Infantry
    Lieutenant George Wood Brown, Infantry
    Captain Harry Cauldwell, Labour Company
    Captain Cyril William Upton Chivers, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Charles Levinge Clayton, Infantry, attd. Engineers
    Captain Harry Kelsey Clifton, Infantry
    Lieutenant George Francis Clingan, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant William Bernard Cooper, Labour Corps
    Capti. Stanley Lavelle Cunningham, Infantry
    Lieutenant Joseph Dakers, Infantry
    Lieutenant Norman Joyce D'Arcy, Labour Corps
    Lieutenant John Alexander Dewart, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Charles William Dickson, Infantry
    Captain Thomas William Eric Dixon, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Robert Dunlop, Infantry
    Lieutenant Everett Ethridge, Infantry
    Lieutenant Arthur James Everett, Light Horse
    Captu Charles Philip Fenwick, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Eric Barrett Fmley, Infantry
    Captain William Gordon Hanson, Artillery
    Captain Robert John Gardiner, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Regimental Sergeant Major Arthur Garrod, Infantry
    Lieutenant Wallace Robert Gibson, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant Andrew Alfred Gillis, Artillery
    Captain Joseph Edmund Gobeil, Divisional Train
    Captain Thomas Godfrey, Mounted Rifles
    Captain William Douglas Bamford Goodfellow, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Richard Leonard Goodliff, Infantry
    Lieutenant Harold Victor Gould, Infantry
    Honorary Captain Edwin Ernest Graham, Canadian Chaplains' Service
    Captain Melvin John Graham, Infantry
    Lieutenant Thomas Rees Griffith, Infantry
    Lieutenant Eric Wilson Haldenby, Infantry
    Lieutenant Irving Cecil Hall, 12th Company, Canadian Machine Gun Ccrps
    Captain Walter Archibald Harrison, Artillery
    Captain Richard Todd Wilson Herald, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant William Duncan Herridger, Cyclist Company
    Captain Edwin Henry Hill, Infantry
    Captain George William Frances Hodgins, Infantry
    Lieutenant Stanley Burntt Her, Engineers
    Lieutenant Ralph Stanley Jackson, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Arthur Llewellyn Jones, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Laurence St. George Kelly, Artillery
    Captain Walter de Mayhew King, Light Horse
    Captain Arthur Henry Whittington Landon, Royal Canadian Regiment
    Lieutenant Edwin Ralph Langton, Infantry
    Lieutenant Gerald Bristol Latimer, Engineers
    Captain Ernest Wilkinson Lawrence, Infantry
    Captain William Leggat, Artillery
    Lieutenant John Austin Loy, Artillery
    Honorary Captain Rev. Harold McCausland, Canadian Chaplains' Service
    Lieutenant Duncan Daniel McCaimmon, Railway Troops
    Lieutenant Robert Vernon Macaulay, Artillery
    Lieutenant Merrick Rennie McCracken, Engineers
    Lieutenant Oliver Bain McCuaig, Engineers
    Captain Alan Holmes MacDonald, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant Geoffrey Ernest Macdonald, Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Ross Macdonald, Infantry
    Honorary Captain Rev. Roderick Andrew MacDonnel, Canadian Chaplains' Service
    Lieutenant llan Alderson McQueen, Artillery
    Captain Francis Gibson Malloch, Engineers
    Lieutenant John Miller, Infantry
    Regimental Sergeant Major George Mitten, Infantry
    Lieutenant Lome Cuthbert Montgomery, Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant George Bennett Morley, Engineers
    Company Sergeant Major Thomas John Moulds, Infantry
    Lieutenant James Hector Ross Murphy, Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Newton, Artillery
    Captain George Saher Willis Nicholson, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Me Adam Nickle, Infantry
    Captain Timothy Harold O'Brien, Artillery
    Captain Thomas Patrick O'Kelly, Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Leo Patenaude, Infantry
    Captain John Millar Pauline, Royal Canadian Regiment
    Lieutenant Hugh Stowell Pedley, Infantry
    Lieutenant Arthur John Plant, Infantry
    Captain Arthur Plow, Infantry
    Lieutenant Harold George Porter, Mounted Rifles
    Captain Laurent Jacques Joseph Puanode, Engineers
    Captain John Edward Puaslow, Infantry
    Lieutenant Colin Esdaile Richardson, Engineers
    Lieutenant William Augustus Richardson, Artillery
    Captain William Francis Richardson, Engineers
    Lieutenant FredRiley, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant William Malcolm Ross, Infantry
    Lieutenant Frank Dalton Scruton, Infantry
    Captain Robert James Shore, Railway Troops
    Lieutenant Lester Luther Spalding, Labour Battalion
    Sergeant Major Oscar Percy Stensaud, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Alan Edgeworth Stewart, Engineers
    Lieutenant Ormond Montgomery Stitt, Engineers
    Captain Richard Arthur Tauton, Infantry
    Lieutenant Melville Tenbrocke, Infantry
    Lieutenant James Balfour Thorn, Engineers
    Lieutenant Melville Fitzgerald Thomson, Infantry
    Honorary Captain Rev. Miles Nicholas Tompkins, Canadian Chaplains Service
    Lieutenant Archer John Toole, Infantry
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain Oliver Travers, Infantry
    Lieutenant Howard Warner Tye, Infantry
    Lieutenant Thomas George Vant, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant William Vassie, Artillery
    Lieutenant Cecil Steven Walley, Engineers
    Lieutenant Henry Ward, Infantry, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant James Ward, Trench Mortar Battery Artillery
    Lieutenant Albert Edward White, Infantry
    Lieutenant Alfred Manson White, Railway Troops
    Lieutenant McLeod White, Engineers
    Quartermaster and Honorary Captain James Pye Richardson Whittle, Infantry
    Captain Harry Wishart Whytock, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Algernon Edward Willaughby, Royal Canadian Regiment
    Captain Richard Todd Wilson Herald, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Harold Gladstone Wood, Infantry
    Lieutenant Eric Raymond Woodward, Engineers
    Captain Alexander Campbell Young, Engineers
    Captain William Frederick Abbott, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant George Griffith Aitken, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Oswald Pearson Arkless, Infantry
    Lieutenant Richard Babb, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant William Cornwallis Bate, Engineers
    Lieutenant James Gordon Beatty, Canadian Field Artillery
    Captain Reginald Vernon Blackburn, Infantry
    Lieutenant Percy Lytton Bonsall, Railway Troops
    Lieutenant Gerard Renvoize Bradbrooke, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Edward Samuel Brett, Infantry
    Lieutenant Donald Cameron, Infantry
    Lieutenant Hugh Clayton Cameron, Infantry
    Lieutenant Lome Douglas Campbell, Infantry
    Lieutenant James Murdoch Christie, Infantry
    Lieutenant Shirley Adam Clarke, Infantry
    Rev. Thomas Collins Colwell, Canadian Chaplains Service
    Captain Albert Ernest Horsman Coo, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Joseph Cowen, Cavalry
    Lieutenant Charles Douglas Crowe, Canadian Field Artillery
    Captain Henry Clarke Davis, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Rev. William Henry Davis, Canadian Chaplains Service
    Lieutenant Irvin Harrison Dawson, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Arthur Wemyss Deacon, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant William Edward Denley, Infantry
    Lieutenant Joshua Emile Dorey, Infantry
    Lieutenant George Frederick Douglas, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Russell Howard Elliott, Infantry
    Lieutenant Matthew Langdon Ellis, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Arthur Thomas Field, Infantry
    Lieutenant Edward William Fleming, Cavalry
    Lieutenant Norman Franks, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Howard Gainor, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Stupart Galbraith, Infantry
    Captain Donald Arthur Gait, Infantry
    Lieutenant Ernest Irving Gill, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Alexander Watson Gregory, Infantry
    Lieutenant Alexander Grant Gunn, Infantry
    Lieutenant Joseph Robson Hardy, Infantry
    Lieutenant Edward Hart, Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant John Curtis Hartley, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Robert Angus Hay, Engineers
    Lieutenant Clarence Bruce Hill, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Arthur Ernest Hall Holland, Infantry
    Lieutenant Bertram Edward Hull, Infantry
    Captain Walter Jewitt, Infantry
    Lieutenant Herbert Hough ton Johnson, Engineers
    Lieutenant William Johnstons, Infantry
    Lieutenant Frederick Howard Marling Jones, Engineers
    Lieutenant Howard Kennedy, Engineers
    Captain Frank Clifton Little, Infantry
    Lieutenant Haydon Stratton Lyle, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Donald Bain MacCaskill, Infantry
    Lieutenant Keith Campbell MacGowan, Infantry
    Captain James Frederick Stewart Marshall, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Leslie Martin, Infantry
    Lieutenant James Mavor, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Arthur William May, Infantry
    Rev. Thomas McCarthy, Canadian Chaplains Service
    Lieutenant Merrick Rennie McCracken, Engineers
    Lieutenant James Maxwell McIlquham, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Robert McIntyre, Infantry
    Lieutenant Alfred Edward McKay, Infantry
    Lieutenant James Day McKeown, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Joseph Graham McKnight, Infantry
    Lieutenant Brydone de Blois Millidge, Canadian Field Artillery
    Captain William Gordon Moffatt, Infantry
    Captain Thomas Williamson Moore, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant William Cedric Nicholson, Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Lieutenant Fleming Pinkston O'Reilly, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Beecher Doran Poyser, Mounted Rifles
    Captain Henry Frederick Preston, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Brian Lee Reid, Railway Troops
    Captain Walter Hepburn Scott, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Gordon Searles, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Raymond Sellar, Infantry
    Lieutenant Bernard Shipton MM Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Charles Dayrell Shreve, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Edmund George Alpheus Smart, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Henry Smith, Railway Troops
    Lieutenant Rolsa Eric Smythe, Infantry
    Rev. Thomas Hudson Stewart, Canadian Chaplains Service
    Captain Ray Farquhar Studd, Infantry
    Lieutenant Howard Sutherland, Infantry
    Lieutenant Albert Ernest Thorne, Infantry
    Temp Captain John William Tipton, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Arnold Trewhitt, Canadian Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Ray Hargreave Warne, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant William Chester Warren, Infantry
    Captain Ernest Coulter Whitehouse, Canadian Army Medical Corps
    Captain Le Roy Zimmerman Wilson, Railway Troops
    Lieutenant Fred Campbell Young, Acting Battery, Machine Gun Corps
    Company Sergeant Major James Campbell Hutchison, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major John Nash, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Harry McNeven Alexander, Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Andrews, Mounted Rifles Battalion
    Lieutenant Gordon Henry Applegath, Infantry
    Lieutenant Harold Lynn Atto, Mounted Rifles Battalion
    Captain Edwin Godfrey Phipps Baker, Infantry
    Lieutenant John Balfour, Cyclist Battalion
    Captain Leonard Halliday Bertram, Infantry
    Lieutenant Wilford Edward Bull, Engineers
    Lieutenant Harry Maxwell Camp, Infantry
    Lieutenant Glidden Campbell, Infantry
    Lieutenant Leonard Proctor Chalmers, Infantry
    Lieutenant Herbert Read Christie, Engineers
    Lieutenant Walter Findlay Clarke, Royal Canadian Horse Artillery
    Lieutenant Joseph Patrick Connolly, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Louis Auguste Coulin, Infantry
    Lieutenant Vernon Bland Crothers, Dragoons
    Lieutenant Gordon Charles Davidson, Mounted Rifles Battalion
    Lieutenant Tempest Carroll McPherson St. Etienne de Wolf, Infantry
    Captain Edgar Douglas, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Clarence Johnston Dryden, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Waugh Dunlop, Infantry
    Lieutenant George Hendry Ferguson, Engineers
    Lieutenant William Frank Findlay, Infantry
    Captain Arthur Douglas Fisken, Infantry
    Lieutenant Cecil John French, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Harry Roy Gifford, Mounted Rifles Battalion
    Lieutenant Charles Victor Grantham, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain James Hamilton, Infantry
    Lieutenant Charles Edwin Fulcher Hiscocks, Infantry
    Lieutenant George Hobson, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant William Gilbert Humphries, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Meldrum Inglis, Infantry
    Captain Austin Dwight Irvine, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Hector John Roderick Jackson, Engineers
    Lieutenant Harry Jardine, Field Artillery
    Captain Gordon Leigh Jepson, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Walter Wallace Johnson, Infantry
    Captain Arthur Ellis Jones, Labour Battalion
    Lieutenant Joseph John Kavanagh, Infantry
    Lieutenant Arthur Rubin Kilborn, Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Duff Kinmond, Engineers
    Lieutenant Harold Oakley Leach, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Gerald Charles Huntingdon Lindsell, Infantry
    Lieutenant Alexander William Logie, Mounted Rifles Battalion
    Lieutenant James Boyd Maclachlan, Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant Alexander MacLean, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Norman Philips Macleod, Garrison Artillery
    Captain James Grant MacNeill, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Forrest Currie Maunder, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Roderick George May, Lord Strathcona's Horse
    Lieutenant Vivian-Stewart Cass McClenaghan, Engineers
    Lieutenant Ernest Victor McKague, Cyclist Corps
    Lieutenant Donald Grant McNeil, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Harry Lyall McPherson, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Charles Edmund McRae, Infantry
    Captain William Blight Megloughlin, Infantry
    Captain John McIntosh Millar, Infantry
    Lieutenant Leslie Howard Millar, Mounted Rifles Battalion
    Lieutenant Bernhard Coeure Montagnon, Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant George Murray, Infantry
    Temp Captain William Henry Douglas Murray, Railway Construction Company
    Lieutenant Arthur Nicholls, Royal Canadian Regiment
    Lieutenant Rupert Austin Orme, Infantry
    Lieutenant Richmond Archie Payne, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major Charles Peacock, Infantry
    Temp Lieutenant George Peck, Railway Construction Company
    Lieutenant Maurice Arthur Pope, Engineers
    Lieutenant Sidney Quinton, Infantry
    Lieutenant Edward Leonard Rainboth, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Theodore Hampton Oswald Rayward, Infantry
    Lieutenant Charles Stanley Reed-Riches, Army Service Corps
    Captain Harold Roche, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Herbert Mackenzie Ross, Infantry
    Captain John Horace Roy, Infantry
    Lieutenant Hugh McMaster Scott, Infantry
    Captain Wesley Herbert Secord, Army Medical Corps
    Captain William Ewing Sinclair, Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Warren Russell Skey, Field Artillery
    Captain John Onion Slaght, Infantry
    Lieutenant Sydney Welton Thurber, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Vernon, Infantry
    Lieutenant William Frederick Welch, Infantry
    Lieutenant Leonard Alfred Welsh, Lord Strathcona's Horse
    Captain John Douglas Young, Infantry

    Newfoundland Force

    Lieutenant Stanley Charles Goodyear, Newfoundland Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Gerald Joseph Whitty, Newfoundland Regiment

    New Zealand Force

    Captain Forbes Herbert Anderson, Army Service Corps
    Captain Norman Annabell, Headquarters, Engineers
    Lieutenant Ralph FitzRoger Bidwell Beetham, Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Ralph John Black, Engineers
    2nd Lieutenant Guy Bridgeman, Artillery
    Captain William Gillers Borrie MB New Zealand Medical Corps
    Captain David Bruce, Pioneer Battalion
    Captain John Connor MB New Zealand Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Type Dallinger, 1st Battalion, Wellington Regiment
    Captain Harry Delamere Dansey, Pioneer Battalion
    Lieutenant Arthur Gordon Dean, 1st Battalion, Canterbury Regiment
    Captain Robert Wakelin Dunn, Artillery
    Captain James Evans, Infantry
    Lieutenant Alfred Onslow Glasse, Engineers
    Captain Kenneth Farquharson Gordon, New Zealand Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Fritz Stanley Goulding, New Zealand Rifle Brigade
    2nd Lieutenant Gordon Verney Gow, New Zealand Rifle Brigade
    Quartermaster and Honorary Lieutenant Roland Justice Hill, Otago Regiment
    Lieutenant Christopher Ingram, Auckland Regiment
    Captain James Gordon Jeffery, Artillery
    Captain Frederick Noel Johns MB New Zealand Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Henry Mark Keesing, New Zealand Rifle Brigade
    Lieutenant Edward Levien, Mounted Rifles Regiment
    Lieutenant Gerald Lyon, Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Ewen John McGregor, Machine Gun Corps
    Captain Hector Campbell MacKenzie, Machine Gun Corps
    Rev. Walter McClean, New Zealand Chaplains' Department
    Captain Cyril Henry Molloy, Otago Regiment
    Captain Bruce Haultain Morison, Wellington Regiment
    Captain Thomas Wyville Leonard Rutherford, Canterbury Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant George Albert Tuck, Auckland Regiment
    Captain Joseph Kendrick Venables, New Zealand Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Walter George Wainscott, Engineers
    Captain William Huatahi Walker, Pioneer Battalion
    Captain Malcolm McPherson Watt, Otago Regiment
    Lieutenant Alfred Thomas White, Wellington Regiment
    Captain Thomas Martin Wilkes, Rifle Brigade
    Captain Newman Robert Wilson, Canterbury Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Ronald McKenzie, New Zealand Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Malcolm Carmichael Milne, Mounted Rifles
    2nd Lieutenant Ernest Horton Picot, New Zealand Machine Gun Corps
    Lieutenant Kenneth James Tait, Mounted Rifles
    Captain Rex Carrington Brewster FRCS Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Allan Farquhar, Canterbury Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Albert Gray, Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment
    Captain George Herbert Gray, Canterbury Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Randolph Norman Gray, Canterbury Regiment
    Lieutenant John Nelmes Hines, Otago Regiment
    Lieutenant Alfred Cecil Christian Hunter, Canterbury Regiment
    Lieutenant Hugh Johnston, Canterbury Regiment
    Lieutenant David McAuley, Otago Regiment
    Captain Robert Francis Mitchell, Otago Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Caro James Pierce, Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment

    South African Force

    Temp Captain Philip Harold Guise Brown, Infantry
    Temp Paymaster and Honorary Lieutenant Alfred George Charter, Rifles
    Temp Lieutenant Alfred Edgar Court, Rifles
    Captain Edward Arthur Davies, Infantry
    Lieutenant Percival Henry Ellis, Infantry
    Temp Captain Alexander Buchan Fyffe, South African Service Corps
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant William Edward Harris, Infantry
    Temp Captain Samuel Heath, South African Service Corps (East African)
    Captain Ernest Hill, South African Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Edmund Mullinger Jarvis, Veterinary Corps
    Temp Captain Simon Frederick Kos, Engineers (Wireless Section)
    Lieutenant William Maclean, Infantry
    Temp Captain Francis McEwan Mitchell, Infantry
    Captain Duncan Macmillan, Motor Cyclist Corps
    Temp Captain Benjamin Thomas Kelly Markham, South African Service Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Samuel Marshall, Signal Company
    2nd Lieutenant Percy Charles Neille, Infantry
    Lieutenant Robert Okell, Engineer Troops
    Temp Lieutenant Immers de Maurigsault Overbeck, South African Service Corps
    Temp Captain Arthur Llewellyn Pepper, South African Defence Force
    Lieutenant Harry Rissik, South African Forces
    2nd Lieutenant Wilfred Frank Steedman, Infantry, attd. Intel Department
    Temp Lieutenant James Gordon Stewart, Artillery
    Lieutenant William Twist, Engineers Troops
    Battery Sergeant Major Arthur James Wardill, Artillery
    Regimental Sergeant Major Robert Wells, Infantry
    Temp Captain William Grahame Wood, Infantry
    Temp Captain William Howorth Wood, Engineers

Awarded a Bar to the Military Cross (MC*)[edit]

    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Robert Edgar Herring MC Army Service Corps
    Lieutenant Alfred Cyril Whitworth Hobson MC Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Edward Percy Noel Jones MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Robert Briffault MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Maurice Smith Bryce MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain George Beatty Burwell MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain Eric Cornwallis Day MC Shropshire Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Gerald Hugh de la Pasture MC King's African Rifles
    Lieutenant Edwin Arthur Eden MC Royal Artillery
    Temp Captain Charles Hugh Emerson MC Lincolnshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Charles de Courcy Evans MC King's African Rifles
    Captain Gerard William Hodgkinson MC Yeomanry and Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Edward Haughton James MC Yeomanry, attd. Dorsetshire Regiment
    Captain Stephen Grey Latham MC Northamptonshire Regiment
    Temp Captain James MacGregor MC MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Rev. Canon Arthur Edwin Ross MC Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Captain Walter Somerville Scott MC Lancashire Fusiliers, attd. Royal Flying Corps
    2nd Lieutenant William Skeat MC Essex Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Maurice Strode MC Royal West Surrey Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant George William Symes MC York & Lancaster Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Temp Captain Bernard Charles Tennent MC MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant George Gustavus Walker MC Scots Guards
    Captain Charles Louis Waters MC Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Arthur Cecil Willison MC Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Christopher Geoffrey Woolner MC Royal Engineers
    Lieutenant Jehu Fosbrooke Gerrard Aubin MC Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Reginald Andrew Bateman MC Manchester Regiment, attd. Royal Warwickshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Robert Ernest Beckerson MC Norfolk Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Wilfred Dennes MC Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Edward Edwards MC Lincolnshire Regiment
    Captain Austin Gardner MC Essex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant John King George MC Gloucestershire Regiment
    Temp Captain Albert Ernest Haynes MC Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant John Purslow Howells MC Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Lieutenant Frederick Chater Jack MC Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas Jenkins MC Royal Field Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Charles Kelly MC London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Russell Medley Leake MC North Lancashire Regiment
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant John Winter Little MC Border Regiment
    Lieutenant Maurice Stanley Lush MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Sidney Albert Macey MC Devonshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Francis James Charles Marshall MC Devonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Frederick William Broadbent Maufe MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Albert Edward Odell MC General List, attd. Royal Engineers
    Temp Captain Arthur John Hinkson Patten MC Norfolk Regiment
    Lieutenant Winthrop Pyemont MC Royal Engineers
    Temp Surgeon James Ness McBean Ross MC MD RN attd. Royal Marines
    2nd Lieutenant Sydney John Cenlivres Russell MC Border Regiment
    Captain Robert Bell Stewart MC Royal Army Medical Corps
    2nd Lieutenant Bernard Watson Stirling MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp 2nd Lieutenant Joseph Summerville MC Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain Francis Ruthven Thornton MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Owen Murton Wales MC South Wales Borderers
    2nd Lieutenant George Sholto Ripley Webb MC Royal Berkshire Regiment, attd. Trench Mortar Battery
    Temp Lieutenant John Wells MC Devonshire Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant William Gladstone Wylie MC Durham Light Infantry
    Captain Cuthbert Delaval Shafto Agassiz MC MD Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant John Samuel Aikman MC Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    2nd Lieutenant George Henry Garstin Anderson MC Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant Thomas Geoffrey Lyon Ashwell MC Rifle Brigade
    2nd Lieutenant Felix Charles Baker MC London Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant-Stuart Gordon Beer MC London Regiment
    Temp Captain Arthur Joseph Blake MC Royal Army Medical Corps
    Captain Richard Bryans MC Shropshire Light Infantry
    Temp Captain Edward Alexander Chisholm MC Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant William Hofmeyr Craib MC Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Thomas Henry Clifford Davis MC Royal Field Artillery
    Captain Richard Day MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Harold Anthony Denison MC Kings Royal Rifle Corps
    Captain Eric Alfred Charles Fazan MC Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Oswald Spencer Francis MC Royal Berkshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Arnold Fraser-Campbell MC Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Temp Captain Harry Percy Bright-Gough MC Welsh Regiment
    Captain John Frederick Hodges MC Royal Irish Fusiliers
    Lieutenant Claud Mitchell Hughes-Games MC Gloucestershire Regiment
    Rev. Joseph Wellington Hunkin MC Royal Army Chaplains' Department
    Lieutenant William Stewart Ironside MC Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Henry Harris Jago MC Devonshire Regiment
    Lieutenant Edward William Francis Jephson MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Captain Percy Lewis Jones MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Lieutenant William Knight MC Essex Regiment
    Lieutenant Conrad Lally MC Royal Flying Corps
    Lieutenant Godfrey Frank Mackwood Ling MC West Yorkshire Regiment
    Temp Captain James Wallace Macfarlane MC MB Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant Loudoun James MacLean MC Royal Engineers, and Royal Flying Corps
    Temp Captain Edward Leslie Marshall MC Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers
    Captain Samuel McCausland MC Royal Army Medical Corps
    Lieutenant James Kenneth McConnel DSO MC Hussars
    Captain Austin Timaeus Miller MC Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Vincent Newton Moss MC East Kent Regiment
    Temp Lieutenant Clarence Mumford MC South Wales Borderers
    2nd Lieutenant Randolph Nicholson MC Royal Field Artillery
    Lieutenant Basil Conquest Pascoe MC Rifle Brigade
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Edward Pope MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    2nd Lieutenant Henry Godden Rerrie MC York & Lancaster Regiment
    Lieutenant Derek Charles Houghton Richardson MC Lancers
    Temp Lieutenant Abraham Rothfield MC Durham Light Infantry
    Lieutenant Hugh Rowlands MC London Regiment
    Captain Desmond Henry Sykes Somerville MC South Wales Borderers
    Lieutenant Aubrey Causton Strachan MC Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Peter Thompson MC Northumberland Fusiliers
    Captain Joseph Stephen Wallace MC Royal Army Medical Corps
    Temp Captain William Edward Walter-Symons MC Royal Garrison Artillery
    Temp Captain Philip Ernest Williams MC Royal Welsh Fusiliers

    Australian Imperial Force

    Captain David MacDonald Steele MC Australian Army Medical Corps

    Canadian Force

    Captain Gerald Gardiner Anglin MC Infantry
    Captain Edward James Clark MC Mounted Rifles
    Lieutenant Alfred Henry Cowie MC Infantry
    Captain The Honourable Francis Egerton Grosvenor MC Infantry
    Captain Melville Mason Hart MC Mounted Rifles
    Captain Donald Bruce Martyn MC Infantry
    Lieutenant Harry Leonard Nowell Salmon MC Infantry
    Lieutenant Lewis Younger MC Infantry

    Newfoundland Force

    Captain Reginald Grant Paterson MC Newfoundland Regiment

Awarded a Second Bar to the Military Cross (MC**)[edit]

    Lieutenant Edward Budd MC* Irish Guards
    Temp Captain Fred Roland Berridge MC* Northamptonshire Regiment
    Temp Captain George D'Rastrik Carr MC* Royal Army Medical Corps
    Sub-Lieutenant Walter Kilroy Harris MC* Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve
    Temp Lieutenant Victor Cadifor Hilditch MC* Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Charles Hubert Anthony Huxtable MC* Royal Field Artillery
    Temp Lieutenant Harold Arthur Redding MC* Suffolk Regiment
    Temp Captain John Alexander Walbeoffe-Wilson MC* Middlesex Regiment
    2nd Lieutenant Alfred Clarence Youdale MC* Royal Flying Corps

Distinguished Conduct Medal (DCM)[edit]

    Company Sergeant Major S. Aberdeen, Durham Light Infantry (Durham)
    Company Sergeant Major D. Adair, East Yorkshire Regiment (Durham)
    Sergeant A. L. Adams, Royal Engineers (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant J. H. Adams, Royal Engineers (Brislington)
    Sergeant J. Adamson, Yorkshire Regiment (East Ramton)
    Driver H. F. Addington, Royal Field Artillery (Church Brampton, Northampton)
    Company Sergeant Major W. H. Albutt, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Sparkbrook)
    Sergeant F. G. Aldridge, Royal Engineers (Evesham, Worcester)
    Petty Officer J. Allan, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Annitsford)
    Corporal A. Allen, Royal Garrison Artillery (Belfast)
    Company Sergeant Major W. T. Alloway, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Marlow)
    Private C. Andrews, Royal West Kent Regiment (Poplar, London)
    Sergeant A. H. Annear, Royal Garrison Artillery (Plymouth, Devon)
    Sergeant C. F. Ash, Royal Garrison Artillery (Chatham)
    Lance Corporal H. P. Ashton, Royal Engineers (Moorhurst, Hamps.)
    Sergeant W. Askew, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Kenilworth)
    Gunner C. H. G. Anthony, Royal Field Artillery (Aston, Birmingham)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant A. J. Appleby, Royal Engineers (Clapton Park)
    Sergeant W. J. Avis, Machine Gun Corps (Lewes)
    Lance Corporal J. F. Bagshaw, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Corporal G. Bailey, Royal Field Artillery (Bristol)
    Sergeant F. J. Baker, Royal Field Artillery (Wdlworth)
    Company Sergeant Major H. T. Baldwin, Hampshire Regiment (Wimbledon, London)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. H. Barlow, Royal Field Artillery (Woolwich)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Barnes, Royal Field Artillery (Ramsey, Huntingdon)
    Private S. Barnes, Manchester Regiment (Oldham)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Barraclough, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Wakefield)
    Captain J. C. S. Barron, Royal Engineers (North Shields)
    Acting Company Sergeant Major J. Bartlett, Royal Sussex Regiment (Eastbourne)
    Sergeant H. Barton, Royal Irish Fusiliers (Jerrettspas, Newry)
    Corporal J. S. Bastick, Norfolk Regiment (Bethnal Green, London)
    Gunner S. Bate, Royal Field Artillery (Hartlepool)
    Sergeant J. Bates, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (Liemaskea, County Fermanagh)
    Bombardier A. H. Baylis, Royal Field Artillery (Worcester)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Beaton, Scottish Rifles (Balmain, N.S.W.)
    Private I. Beaty, Royal Scots (Manchester)
    Sergeant W. Bee, Manchester Regiment (Harlesden, London)
    Private J. Bell, West Riding Regiment (Greenfield)
    Acting Regimental Sergeant Major G. F. Bennett, Tank Ops (Leicester)
    Private W. Bennett, Manchester Regiment (Handforth, Cheshire)
    Lance Sergeant M. Berkley, Cheshire Regiment (Hirst Ashington, Northumberland)
    Sergeant J. Berwick, Border Regiment (Workingdon)
    Lance Sergeant A. Bickerstaffe, South Lancashire Regiment (St. Helens)
    Corporal F. Birch, Leicestershire Regiment (Hinckley, Leics.)
    Gunner E. Blackwood, Royal Garrison Artillery (Coatbridge)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant C. J. Bland, Middlesex Regiment (Upper Holloway, London)
    Battery Sergeant Major A. J. Blowers, Royal Field Artillery (Lowestoft)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Blundell, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cork)
    Bombardier H. Blythe, Royal Field Artillery (Mansfield, Notts)
    Acting Bombardier S. A. Blythe, Royal Garrison Artillery (Melton, Norfolk)
    Sergeant H. Bottomley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Colchester)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. T. Boughen, Royal Field Artillery (Netley)
    Sergeant F. Bowcock, Royal Field Artillery (Leek, Staffs.)
    2nd Corporal F. Bownasa, Royal Engineers (E. Bradford)
    Sergeant C. H. Boyle, Royal Garrison Artillery (Kingston Hill, Surrey)
    Lance Sergeant G. T. Boynes, North Lancashire Regiment (Preston)
    Sergeant J. Bracegirdle, Royal Garrison Artillery (Carnarvon)
    Sergeant S. Bradshaw, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Corporal S. G. Brain, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Banbury)
    Company Sergeant Major E. Brake, Somerset Light Infantry (Bath)
    Gunner W. Breakey, Tank Corps. (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant H. G. Bridges, Royal Horse Artillery (St. Leonards-on-Sea)
    Company Sergeant Major E. J. Briffet, Royal Engineers (Bristol)
    Acting Staff Sergeant A. Briggs, Army Ordnance Corps (Walworth)
    Sergeant B. Briggs, Labour Corps. (Kennington Park, London)
    Corporal F. Briggs, North Lancashire Regiment (Bolton)
    Corporal of Horse W. H. E. Briton, Dragoon Guards (Hereford)
    Corporal A. T. Brooker, Royal Horse Artillery
    Battery Sergeant Major F. A. Broomfield, Royal Field Artillery (Stratford, London)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Broomhead, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Derby)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Browell, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Sergeant A. (Brown, York & Lancaster Regiment (Thurnscoe, near Barnsley)
    Sergeant A. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (Padiham, Lancaster)
    Sergeant J. Brown, Royal Engineers (Mulrkirk)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Brown, Norfolk Regiment (Thixendale, Malton, Yorkshire)
    Corporal G. D. Brown, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Newton, Yorkshire)
    Corporal W. Brunton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Edinburgh)
    Company Sergeant Major R. H. Bryan, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Sergeant F. C. Bryson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Temple Ewell)
    Company Sergeant Major J. F. Buchanan, Gordon Highlanders (Aberdeen)
    Sergeant E. Bullock, Machine Gun Corps (Broseley)
    Lance Corporal L. J. Burden, Tank Corps. (Bridgtown)
    Corporal A. Burnett, Royal Field Artillery (Preston)
    Company Sergeant Major W. Burndge, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Swansea)
    Corporal H. Burrows, Royal Garrison Artillery (North Waisliam)
    Sergeant W. Burrows, Royal Field Artillery (Forest Gate)
    Sergeant W. C. Burton, Royal Engineers (Hackney)
    Corporal A. C. Caiger, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Malvern)
    Sergeant J. Cairney, Royal Engineers (Glasgow)
    Company Sergeant Major A. W. Calder, Seaforth Highlanders (Carr Bridge)
    Farrier Sergeant W. W. Canham, Royal Field Artillery (Kilkenny)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant T. W. Carefoot, East Lancashire Regiment (Burnley)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Carlyle, Royal Field Artillery (Manchester)
    Sergeant J. Carmichael, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Chorlton-cum-Hardy)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant W. H. Carnie, Welsh Regiment (Cardiff)
    Sergeant J. Cassidy, West Yorkshire Regiment (Lincoln)
    Lance Sergeant L. Chalk, Northamptonshire Regiment (Abbot Langley)
    Private E. Chambers, North Staffordshire Regiment (Cambefley, Surrey)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Chance, Worcestershire Regiment (Ryde, Isle of Wight)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Chandler, Leicestershire Regiment (Cheadle, Staffs.)
    Sergeant T. Chapman, Lincolnshire Regiment (Hognaby, Spilsby)
    Battery Sergeant Major G. Chappell, Royal Field Artillery (E. London)
    Private H. Charlton, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Awsworth)
    Sergeant J. C. Charlton, Yorkshire Regiment (Middlesbrough)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant J. E. Cherry, East Lancashire Regiment (Colne)
    Lance Corporal A. Chesters, Royal Lancaster Regiment (E. Lancaster)
    Sergeant E. Chidgey, Royal Engineers (North Petherton)
    Farrier Quartermaster Sergeant W. A. Chmery, Royal Horse Artillery (Frimley, Surrey)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant W. H. Christy, Manchester Regiment (Wigan)
    Sergeant W. Chrystall, Royal Field Artillery (Aberdeen)
    Sergeant W. Churchill, Northumberland Fusiliers (Wallsend)
    Sergeant W. B. Churchman, Royal Engineers (College Park, London)
    Acting Corporal G. Clark, Royal Highlanders (Kirkcaldy)
    Lance Corporal J. W. Clark, Durham Light Infantry (Easington Colliery)
    Lance Corporal R. C. Clark, Royal Engineers (Leytonstone)
    Company Sergeant Major A. W. Clarke, Army Cyclist Corps (Basington)
    Private W. L. Claydon, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Colchester)
    Sergeant W. Clayton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Uxbridge)
    Corporal W. E. Clayton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Poplar, London)
    Regimental Quartermaster Sergeant J. H. Code, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Company Sergeant Major W. Coldwell, Lincolnshire Regiment (Sheffield)
    Sergeant A. J. Cole, Somerset Light Infantry (Henhin, near Bristol)
    Sergeant A. Coles, South Wales Borderers (Withington Station, near Hereford)
    Regimental Sergeant Major J. T. Colver, Yorkshire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private E. A. Comer, Dragoon Guards (Addlebourne)
    Battery Sergeant Major H. F. Conway, Royal Field Artillery (Uxbridge)
    Company Sergeant Major J. B. Cook, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Walney)
    Sergeant F. J. Cooper, East Surrey Regiment (Shoeburyness)
    Sergeant J. Cooper, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Sergeant T. Cooper, Essex Regiment (Swaffam, Buibeck, Camb.)
    Company Sergeant Major E. Copping, Grenadier Guards (Clapham Junction)
    Corporal W. Cornell, Royal Field Artillery (Saffron Walden)
    Sergeant W. H. Couldwell, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Reading)
    Warrant Officer Class 2 W. J. Coward, Gloucestershire Regiment (Stroud, Glouc.)
    Private J. Cowell, Welsh Regiment (Llandudno)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant A. J. Cowley, Royal Field Artillery (Glanworth, County Cork)
    Farrier Staff Sergeant L. Crabtree, Royal Field Artillery (Exeter)
    Sergeant J. Croft, Royal Irish Rifles (Dunmurry)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant W. Crombie, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Carlow)
    A. Bombardier A. W. Crook, Royal Garrison Artillery (Stamford)
    Sergeant C. E. Crooks, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Mansfield Woodhouse)
    Sergeant J. W. Crosby, Royal Garrison Artillery (Wickford, Essex) Royal Marine Artillery
    Corporal F. Cross, Royal Marine Artillery
    Corporal C. H. Crowlie, Royal Field Artillery (Fulbam, London)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant G. Crump, Worcestershire Regiment (Worcester)
    Sergeant W. Cryer, Lancashire Fusiliers (Facit, Lancaster)
    Sergeant W. Cunniugton, Royal Field Artillery (Huddersfield)
    Company Sergeant Major F. Currey, Durham Light Infantry (Darlington)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant J. Currie, Royal Garrison Artillery (Barrow-in-Furness)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Cuswoxth, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Sergeant R. Cuthall, Royal Field Artillery (Arbroath)
    Company Sergeant Major W. F. Dachtier, London Regiment (London)
    Battery Sergeant Major H. Daft, Royal Garrison Artillery (Clayton)
    Battery Sergeant Major W. G. Dagg, Royal Field Artillery (Emsworth)
    Sergeant J. Diare, South Wales Borderers (Llanhilleth, Mon.)
    Acting Regimental Sergeant Major P. Darroch, Royal Scots (Prestonpans)
    Sergeant E. N. Davey, Royal Engineers (Wimbledon Park)
    L. Sergeant H. V. Davey, Army Cyclist Corps (Hamworth)
    Acting Regimental Sergeant Major J. C. Davidge, Welsh Regiment (Abergavemiy)
    2nd Corporal J. H. Davies, Royal Engineers (Softball)
    Regimental Sergeant Major W. Davies, South Wales Borderers (Poanswick, Glouc.)
    Private G. Davis, Border Regiment (Bishopstake)
    Sergeant L. Dawe, Royal Field Artillery (Walthamstow)
    Sergeant M. Dawes, Royal Field Artillery (Burnley)
    Gunner F. G. C. Dawson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Blackheath)
    Battery Sergeant Major E. Day, Royal Horse Artillery (Great Staughton, near St. Neots)
    Sergeant F. C. Debenham, Royal Field Artillery (Bergholt, near Colchester)
    Company Sergeant Major C. J. Deeprose, Royal Sussex Regiment (Rye)
    Lance Corporal A. Devenish, Northumberland Fusiliers (Cornsay, County Durham)
    Company Sergeant Major E. Dickinson, Machine Gun Corps (Grimsby)
    Sergeant F. Dickinson, Middlesex Regiment (Leith, Scotland)
    Private M. Dixon, Shropshire Light Infantry (Gelli, Rhondda)
    Corporal Fitter, W. Dixon, Royal Field Artillery (Leeds)
    Lance Corporal G. W. H. Dobson, Military Mounted Police (Whiteleafe, Surrey)
    Sergeant G. Donaldson, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Milford)
    Sergeant E. J. Donhou, Royal Engineers (Hanwell, London)
    Sergeant J. Douglas, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Greenlaw)
    Sergeant H. Driver, West Riding Regiment (Bingley)
    Sergeant A. W. Duffield, Royal Garrison Artillery (Middlesbrough)
    Private D1 Duncan, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Kilmarnock)
    Corporal F. Duncan, Royal Engineers (Tayport, Fife)
    Battery Sergeant Major S. Eardley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Newcastle, Staffs.)
    Company Sergeant Major M. Earls, Welsh Regiment (Swansea)
    Battery Sergeant Major F. W. Eastley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Southampton)
    Corporal O. J. Edwardes, Royal Engineers (Byfleet)
    Battery Sergeant Major A. Elliott, Royal Field Artillery (Southampton)
    Lance Corporal J. W. Elliott, Northumberland Fusiliers (Darlington)
    Sergeant P. G. Elpiuck, Royal Sussex Regiment (Newick)
    Company Sergeant Major F. Emmott, Machine Gun Corps (Leeds)
    Lance Corporal W. Etchells, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant A.H Evans, Welsh Guards (Marshfield, near Cardiff)
    Mechanist Sergeant Major G. A. L. Evans, Army Service Corps (East London)
    Sergeant H. V. Evans, West Yorkshire Regiment (Stoke, Staffs.)
    Gunner T. Evans, Royal Horse Artillery (Barnfurlong, near Wigan)
    Acting Bombardier H. Eyre, Royal Field Artillery (Chesterfield)
    Sergeant A. Falconer, Machine Gun Company (Walthamstow)
    Battery Sergeant Major F. Farlie, Royal Horse Artillery (Plumstead)
    Sergeant P. Fiarrell, Manchester Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Sergeant G. Feast, South Wales Borderers (Eastney, Portsmouth)
    Sergeant W. R. Feaver, Middlesex Regiment (Marden, Kent)
    Sapper W. J. Feman, Royal Engineers (Liverpool)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Ferrier, Royal Highlanders (Perth)
    Corporal F. S. Fisher, Royal Field Artillery (Netley, Hamps.)
    Sergeant J. Fletcher, Royal Garrison Artillery (Oxford)
    Company Sergeant Major R. Fletcher, Northumberland Fusiliers (Walker-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant J. Flett, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Greenock)
    Sergeant W. Flynn, Lancashire Fusiliers (Salford)
    Regimental Sergeant Major J. H. Foley, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Barmingham)
    Corporal C. Ford, Scottish Rifles (Hamilton)
    Acting Corporal F. Forster, Middlesex Regiment (Heaton Bark, Manchester)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. W. Foster, Royal Field Artillery (Hull)
    Sergeant G. Fowler, North Lancashire Regiment (Dartford, Kent)
    Sergeant W. Fraser, Highland Light Infantry (Glasgow)
    Private E. P. Freeman, Coldstream Guards (Goswell-road, London, EC)
    Corporal C. J. French, Royal Flying Corps (Watford, Herts.)
    Lance Corporal R. H. Froude, Royal Engineers (Curraghmore, County Waterford)
    Sergeant W. H. Fryer, Machine Gun Corps (Paddington)
    Sergeant E. W. Fulford, Royal Engineers (Bedford)
    Lance Corporal E. Gaddes, Lancashire Fusiliers (Longtown)
    Sergeant J. Galvin, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cork)
    Sergeant L. Galvin, West Riding Regiment (Marlborough)
    Corporal G. C. Ga,ne, Somerset Light Infantry (Shepton Mallet)
    Corporal A. Gardner, Royal Scots (Irlam o' th' Heights, Lancaster)
    Siapr W. T. Garner, Royal Engineers (Blefaohley)
    Sergeant P. Garrod, Royal Fusiliers (Stevenage)
    Private J. Geoghan, Lancashire Fusiliers (E. West Hartlepool)
    Sergeant F. Gibbs, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Birmingham)
    Sergeant C. E. Gillott, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Sergeant W. Gilmore, Northumberland Fusiliers (Hull)
    2nd Corporal G. A. Glover, Royal Engineers (Paddington)
    Sergeant F. Godley, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Whitwell, Derby)
    Battery Sergeant Major P. F. Golding, Royal Garrison Artillery (Kensington)
    Sergeant A. T. Goodey, South Staffordshire Regiment (Clapham Common, London)
    Sergeant M. Goodwin, Lancashire Fusiliers (Winton Pairieroft)
    Sergeant W. J. Goodwin, Rifle Brigade (Brightlingsea)
    Sergeant E. Gordon, Royal Engineers (S.R) (Newton-le-Willows, Lancaster)
    Corporal J. Gorman, Royal Engineers (Liverpool)
    Sergeant H. Gouldthorpe, Lincolnshire Regiment (Barton-on-Humber)
    Private J. H. Govan, Scots Guards (Prestonkirk, E. Lothian)
    Driver C. S. Gowing, Royal Garrison Artillery (Close, near Bristol)
    Sergeant W. M. Graham, Royal Garrison Artillery (Peckham)
    Company Sergeant Major G. R. Graves, Machine Gun Company (Ashted, Birmingham)
    Battery Sergeant Major P. E. Gray, Royal Field Artillery (Leicester)
    Lance Seaman D. H. Green, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Falkirk)
    Corporal G. H. Green, Royal Field Artillery (Tideswell)
    Lance Sergeant E. Grey, Welsh Regiment (Swansea)
    Sergeant R. A. B. Griffiths, Royal Garrison Artillery (Blackburn)
    Sergeant S. Grover, Welsh Regiment (Poitslade)
    Company Sergeant Major H. R. Groves, East Lancashire Regiment (Poplar, London)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant H. Haigh, West Riding Regiment (Greetland, Yorkshire)
    Private H. Haigh, West Riding Regiment (Lindley, Haddersfield)
    Sadd. Staff Sergeant A. Hall, Royal Field Artillery (Brighton)
    Sergeant A. E. Hall, Royal Garrison Artillery (Old Walsoken)
    Sergeant E. Hall, Middlesex Regiment (Preston, Lancaster)
    Company Sergeant Major E. W. Hall, Machine Gun Corps (Norwich)
    Corporal L. Hall, West Riding Regiment Stalybridge)
    Sergeant S. E. Hall, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Cockerham)
    Ftr Corporal P. Hampson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Company Sergeant Major R. Hanley, Rifle Brigade (Virginia Water)
    Sapper J. Hannah, Royal Engineers (Clydeburgh)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant G. Hardie, Royal Engineers (Glasgow)
    Gunner C. Harding, Royal Field Artillery (Cardiff)
    Gunner E. Hardman, Royal Garrison Artillery (Waterfoot)
    Sergeant P. Hardy, Royal Engineers (Durham)
    Corporal W. H. Harris, Royal Garrison Artillery (Grosvenorroad, London)
    Sapper R. G. Harrison, Royal Engineers (Notting Hill)
    Sergeant J. R. Harrop, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Worksop)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Hart, Royal Field Artillery (Hebburn)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant C. Hartley, West Yorkshire Regiment (Keighley)
    Gunner M. Hartley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Burnley)
    Sergeant A. R. Hervey-Bathurst, Royal Flying Corps (London)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant S. M. Haydon, Royal West Kent Regiment (Sandwich)
    Sergeant F. J. Haynes, Lancashire Fusiliers (Openshaw, Manchester)
    Sergeant J. H. Heath, Middlesex Regiment (Hove, Brighton)
    Battery Sergeant Major W. Heath Royal Garrison Artillery (Woodford, Essex)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Helhwell, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Pontefract)
    Driver H. Henthorne, Royal Field Artillery (Oldham)
    Lance Corporal W. J. Herring, King's Royal Rifle Corps (King's Cross, London)
    Sergeant H. E. Hibbard, Honourable Artillery Company (Stoke Newington)
    Private C. H. Hill, East Lancashire Regiment Barlowford, Nelson)
    Sergeant W. Hill, North Staffordshire Regiment (Wooton, Staffs.)
    Company Sergeant Major F. Hillier, South Wales Borderers (Newport)
    Acting Corporal G. Hnidle (Preston)
    Company Sergeant Major A. G. Hiron, London Regiment (Limehouse, London)
    Sergeant H. Hirst, West Riding Regiment (Batley)
    Driver A. G. Hobbs, Royal Field Artillery (Birmingham)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant A. Hodgson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Annfield Plain, County Durham)
    Sergeant W. W. Hogben, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Portsmouth)
    Sergeant J. Holbrook, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant F. Holliday, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cottingliam)
    Acting Battery Sergeant Major Major E. Hollidge, Royal Field Artillery (Upper Tooting)
    Sergeant A. E. Holmes, Royal Irish Rifles (Carrickfergus)
    Lance Corporal B. Holmes, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Rugby)
    Sergeant F. G. Holmes, Hussars (Candahar Barracks, Tidworth)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant F. Holt, Royal Engineers (Wmnick, Northants)
    Sergeant J. Holton, Royal Irish Fusiliers (Clonaslea, Queens County)
    Sergeant J. Hook, Durham Light Infantry (Durham)
    Sapper J. W. Howarth, Royal Engineers (Bolton)
    Battery Sergeant Major G. Howell, Royal Field Artillery (Blakeley)
    Company Sergeant Major W. Howes, Durham Light Infantry (Stockton, Durham)
    Driver F. T. Howitt, Royal Field Artillery (Aberdeen)
    Temp Regimental Sergeant Major R. A. Hoyle, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bury)
    Private A. H. Hudson, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Company Sergeant Major R. Hudson, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Normanton)
    Private J. Hughes, Royal Army Medical Corps (Manchester)
    Sergeant T. Hughes, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sheerness, Kent)
    Sergeant J. E. Humphreys, Royal Field Artillery (Tunstall, Staffs.)
    Acting Sergeant G. W. Hunt, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Hunt, Royal Garrison Artillery (Higher Broughton, Manchester)
    Sapper J. Hunt, Royal Engineers (High Wycombe)
    Lance Corporal D. Hunter, Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Company Sergeant Major B. H. D. Hurst, Royal Engineers (Bath)
    Sergeant E. Hutchms, Machine Gun Corps (Manchester)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. C. Ihffe, Royal Garrison Artillery (Wakefield)
    Acting Company Sergeant Major E. Irving, Coldstream Guards (Walworth, London)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant G. Irving, Border Regiment (Waberthwaite)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant J. Jacks, Royal Munster Fusiliers (Leeds)
    Sergeant J. J. Jackson, Yorkshire Regiment (Stockton-on-Tees)
    Company Sergeant Major T. Jackson, Machine Gun Corps (Birmingham)
    Lance Corporal W. C. Jacobs, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Stow-on-the-Wold)
    Private E. Jaoobson, Monmouthshire Regiment (Bristol)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Jaggs, Essex Regiment (Boxted, near Colchester)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Jenkins, Worcestershire Regiment (Worcester)
    Company Sergeant Major E. H. Johns, Royal Engineers (Norwich)
    Sergeant E. A. Johnson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Walthamstow)
    Corporal F. W. Johnson, Royal Engineers (Mildmay Park, London)
    Private T. Johnson, Rifle Brigade (Stockton)
    Sergeant S. Johnstone, Scottish Rifles (Whiteinch)
    Sergeant A. Jones, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Wrexham)
    Sergeant A. Jones, Machine Gun Corps (Stoke-under-Ham)
    Lance Corporal . G. Jones, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Plaistow)
    Lance Corporal J. Jones, Manchester Regiment (Henfeod, S. Wales)
    Corporal J. P. Jones, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Regimental Sergeant Major J. R. Jones MC Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Straff ord)
    Sapper R. Jones, Royal Engineers (Merioneth)
    Acting Staff Sergeant S. Jones, Army Ordnance Corps (Birmingham)
    Corporal T. Jones, West Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Sergeant W. Jones, Machine Gun Corps (Bermondsey, London)
    Sqn. S. M. H. Jordison (Northampton)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Joshua, Welsh Regiment (Maesteg
    Sergeant J. W. Judd, Middlesex Regiment (Kingston-on-Thames)
    Company Sergeant Major H. Julsing, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Kellock, Highland Light Infantry (Glasgow)
    Private A. Kelly, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Private E. Kelly, Royal Dublin Fusiliers (Fencehouses, Durham)
    Sergeant J. Kelly, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cork)
    Sergeant J. S. Kelly, Seaforth Highlanders (Springburn, Glasgow)
    Sergeant H. Kendal, Royal Engineers (Bradford)
    Sergeant A. Kendall, Royal Garrison Artillery (Brixton)
    Battery Sergeant Major C. A. Kendall, Royal Field Artillery (Ilford)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Kennelly, Royal Garrison Artillery (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant H. Kent, Royal Garrison Artillery (Malmesbury, Wiltshire)
    Private A. Kerr, Royal Scots Fusiliers (E. Dumbarton)
    Driver H. Kirby, Royal Field Artillery (Woodville Derby)
    Corporal H. S. Kirk, Highland Light Infantry (Whiteinch, Glasgow)
    Battery Sergeant Major F. A. J. Knight, Royal Field Artillery (Bristol)
    Lance Corporal J. W. Knight, Royal Engineers (Southampton)
    Corporal C. Knowles, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Victoria Park)
    Lance Corporal W. Knowlson, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Quartermaster Sergeant W. Lamkin, Royal Army Medical Corps (Ventnor, Isle of Wight)
    Fitter Sergeant T. Lancaster, Royal Field Artillery (Workington, Cumberland)
    Sergeant J. R. Lang, Shropshire Light Infantry (Edgwareroad, London)
    Company Sergeant Major E. Langley, Lancashire Fusiliers (Chadderton)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant W. T. Large, Cheshire Regiment (Northwich)
    Company Sergeant Major H. Larkman (Norwich)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Laurence, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (E. Derby)
    Lance Corporal L. C. G. T. Lawford, Mil. Police (Keyhaven, near Lymington, Hampshire)
    Sapper R. Lawson, Royal Engineers (Glasgow)
    Regimental Sergeant Major O. Lead, North Staffordshire Regiment (Wolstanton, Staffs.)
    Sergeant J. W. Leamon, Hampshire Regiment (Woolwich)
    Sergeant E. Ledgard, West Yorkshire Regiment (York)
    Sergeant S. G. Lee, West Riding Regiment (Marsh, Huddersfield)
    Quartermaster Sergeant R. G. Leggett, Royal Army Medical Corps (Aldershot)
    Lance Corporal M. Lennard, Northumberland Fusiliers (Burnhope Co Durham)
    Private W. Lennon, Lancashire Fusiliers (Piestwick)
    Private J. Leverton, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (St. Columb, Cornwall)
    Private J. Lifford, Liverpool Regiment (Fulham)
    Sergeant E. Lilley, King's Royal Rifle Corps (New Nuttall, Nottinghamshire)
    Sergeant J. S. Lindsay, Army Cyclist Corps (Auchenairn, Bishopbriggs)
    Sergeant A. P. Lincoln, Royal Field Artillery (Greater Yarmouth)
    Private W. C. T. Lloyd, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Holywell)
    Regimental Sergeant Major G. Lockie, South Wales Borderers (Farringdon Rd., London)
    Sergeant E. E. Loosemore, Royal Engineers (Bournemouth)
    Sergeant J. F. Love, Royal Field Artillery (Parkstone, Dorset)
    Corporal C. E. Lowe, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Barkingside, London)
    Corporal A. G. Ludlow, Royal Fusiliers (Tottenham)
    Bombardier W. G. Mabbutt, Headquarters, Royal Field Artillery (Shipston-on-Stour)
    Acting Sergeant A. Macaulay, Machine Gun Company (Peith)
    Private C. E. V. Macdonald, Cavalry S.R. (Fort Rose, Ross-shire)
    Company Sergeant Major B. Maddock, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Repton, Derby.)
    Sergeant A. Macdonald, Seaforth Highlanders (Alness)
    Company Sergeant Major W. Hackerell, Royal Engineers (Norwich)
    Sergeant W. R. MacQueen, Machine Gun Corps (E. London)
    Sergeant G. W. Marriott, Royal Field Artillery (Homerton, London)
    Sergeant E. Marritt, East Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Sergeant H. G. Marsh, Royal West Kent Regiment (Deal)
    Acting Battery Quartermaster Sergeant D. Marshall, Royal Field Artillery (Blackpool)
    Sergeant L. T. Marson, Military Mounted Police (Biggleswade, Bedford)
    Sergeant J. Martin, Royal Field Artillery (Streatham Hill)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Martin, Lancashire Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Corporal T. Martin, Royal Engineers (West Hartlepool)
    Regimental Sergeant Major B. H. Mathews, Cambridgeshire Regiment (Cambridge)
    Gunner T. C. Matthews, Royal Horse Artillery
    Sergeant J. H. Mason, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birkenhead)
    Sergeant W. E. Mawbey, Machine Gun Corps (Pimlico, London)
    Corporal R. May, Manchester Regiment
    Fitter Sergeant R. Maynard, Royal Field Artillery (Camborne, Cornwall)
    Company Sergeant Major S. Mayers, Machine Gun Corps (Newport, Isle of Wight)
    Sergeant P. McAleavey, Royal Field Artillery (Cleator Moor, Whitehaven)
    Corporal J. McAllister, Royal Engineers (Stirlingshire)
    Sergeant D. McAlpine, Highland Light Infantry (Partick/Glasgow)
    Private F. McCann, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Hammersmith)
    Sergeant J. McCarthy, Leinster Regiment (Cork)
    Sergeant T. McClure, Royal Garrison Artillery (Thornastown, County Kilkenny)
    Company Sergeant Major A. A. McDonald, Royal Engineers (Highams Park)
    Company Sergeant Major J. McDonald, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Argyllshire)
    Lance Corporal H. McCann, Royal Engineers (Glasgow)
    Private J. McEwan, Gordon Highlanders (Dumfries)
    Sergeant D. A. McFarlane, Welsh Regiment (Canada)
    Regimental Sergeant Major E. McGarry, Lancashire Fusiliers (Oldham)
    Acting Bdr E. McGinms, Royal Field Artillery (Springburn, Glasgow)
    Sergeant O. McGuinness, Irish Guards (Edgwareroad, London)
    Sergeant S. McInnes, Royal Engineers (Thomaby)
    Company Sergeant Major J. McIntosh, Highland Light Infantry (Newton Grange)
    Sergeant S. McIntyre, Royal Garrison Artillery (Millport)
    Sergeant W. McKeown, Machine Gun Corps (Glasgow)
    Sergeant J. McKintosh, Gordon Highlanders (Aberdeen)
    Regimental Sergeant Major J. McLean, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Aberdeen)
    Sergeant T. McLeod, Northumberland Fusiliers (Achington)
    Sergeant E. McNary, Royal Field Artillery (Wexford)
    Staff Sergeant T. McNicol, Royal Army Medical Corps (Derby)
    Battery Sergeant Major H. Meathrel, Royal Horse Artillery (Devon)
    Battery Sergeant Major G. Menzies, Royal Garrison Artillery (Dumbarton)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant F. J. Mersh, Hatnps. R. Anerley, London)
    Sergeant E. Miles, Royal Engineers (Pontyffym)
    Company Sergeant Major S. Mills, Worcestershire Regiment (Dudley)
    Sergeant C. R. Milton, Scottish Rifles (Ramsgate)
    Company Sergeant Major R. M. Mitchell, Royal Highlanders (Perth)
    Sergeant W. Mitchell, Cameron Highlanders (Taynuilt, Argyll)
    Sergeant F. Moles, Machine Gun Corps (New Southgate, London)
    Sergeant J. Moody, Machine Gun Corps (Newcastle)
    Sergeant J. H. Moody, Rifle Brigade (Rochdale)
    Sergeant J. Mooney, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Johnstone)
    Sergeant A. T. Moore, Essex Regiment (Leyton)
    Private F. Moore, Royal Dublin Fusiliers
    Corporal J. Moran, Royal Army Medical Corps (Longsight, Manchester)
    Corporal J. F. Morgan, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Sergeant E. Morris, Lancashire Fusiliers (Higher Ince, Wigan)
    Sergeant S. Morris, Royal Engineers (Stafford)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Moss, Manchester Regiment (Leigh)
    Sergeant J. E. Moss, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Corporal W. G. Mould, Lancers (Aberaman)
    Sergeant W. J. Mulrooney, Royal Engineers (Stoke-on-Trent)
    Gunner F. Munday, Royal Garrison Artillery (Woking)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Munn, Royal Garrison Artillery (Southend)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant Major P. S. Munro, Seaforth Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Company Sergeant Major F. G. Murphy, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bury)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Murphy, Labour Corps (Birmingham)
    Sapper A. J. Murray, Royal Engineers (Bristol)
    Sergeant J. L. Murray, Royal Engineers (Chelsea)
    Company Sergeant Major H. J. S. Neate, Royal Engineers (Southsea)
    Sergeant E. G. Newman, Royal Field Artillery (Boio Green, Kent)
    Company Sergeant Major T. P. Newman, Royal West Surrey Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major M. Newton, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Broughton-in-Furness)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Nicholson, Royal Irish Rifles (Carrickfergus)
    Sergeant A. Nickson, North Lancashire Regiment (Preston, Lancaster)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Norns, Hampshire Regiment (Martyr Worthy, near Winchester)
    Company Sergeant Major J. O'Brien, Royal Fusiliers (Moirtlake)
    Private J. Odell, Seaforth Highlanders (Amptjnll)
    Company Sergeant Major A. O'Nious, South Lancashire Regiment (Douglas, Isle of Man)
    Sergeant B. St. C. Owen, Royal Engineers (Bristol)
    Company Sergeant Major G. Owens, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Wrexham)
    Acting Staff Sergeant H. Owen, Army Ordnance Corps (Bolton)
    Company Sergeant Major C. E. W. Parish, Machine Gun Corps (Brecon)
    Battery Sergeant Major A. Parker, Royal Field Artillery (Clonmel)
    Company Sergeant Major W. B. Parker, Durham Light Infantry (Bishopwearmouth)
    Sergeant W. W. Pass, East Kent Regiment (Darlaston, Staffs.)
    Company Sergeant Major J. B. Pearce, Royal Engineers (Ilford)
    Private P. Pearson, Royal Dublin Fusiliers (Dublin)
    Sergeant E. Pegg, North Staffordshire Regiment (Fenton, Staffs.)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant L. Pegg, Lancashire Fusiliers (Salford)
    Private H. R. Penan, Machine Gun Corps (Romford, London)
    Sergeant W. G. Perkins, Royal Field Artillery (Bristol)
    Temp Staff Sergeant Major J. Peiks, Army Service Corps (Henley-n-Arden)
    Corporal S. Petty, Royal Engineers (Hanogale)
    Sergeant J. Phillips, Northumberland Fusiliers (Seaton DeLaval)
    Bombardier P. W. Phillips, Royal Garrison Artillery (Walton, Radnorshire)
    Corporal H. O. Pike, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant W. Pilkington, East Lancashire Regiment (Accrington)
    Sergeant H. Pinder, Royal Engineers (Darwen)
    Company Sergeant Major E. Pink, Essex Regiment (Enfield)
    Company Sergeant Major C. B. Plenderleith, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Lance Corporal P. Pocock, Military Mounted Police (Edenbridge, Kent)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant J. H. Poste, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Sergeant H. W. Potter, Manchester Regiment (Fliston)
    Lance Sergeant J. TPotter, South Lancashire Regiment (St. Helens)
    Regimental Sergeant Major W. J. Potter, Manchester Regiment (E. Woolwich)
    Sergeant A. Price, Royal Garrison Artillery (Caversham, Oxon.)
    Sergeant J. Price, South Lancashire Regiment (Warrington)
    Sergeant W. Price, Royal Army Medical Corps (Brookend, Glouc.)
    Corporal E. Proctor, Liverpool Regiment (Milnthorpe)
    Company Sergeant Major Puchas, South Staffordshire Regiment (Brownhills, near Walsall)
    Company Sergeant Major H. Pugh, Liverpool Regiment (Sandhurst, Cheshire)
    Regimental Sergeant Major G. Pullan, Northumberland Fusiliers (Farnley)
    2nd Corporal C. Purdy, Royal Engineers (Langley Hill, Derby)
    Battery Sergeant Major W. J. Pye, Royal Field Artillery (Colchester)
    Sergeant J. Rands, Royal Field Artillery (Sheffield)
    Gunner A. H. Rankin, Royal Garrison Artillery (Thornhill)
    Sergeant W. Banner, Essex Regiment (Southend)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant C. Ratcliffe, Royal Field Artillery (Leek, Staffs.)
    Private W. J. Rawlings, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (St. Austell)
    Corporal F. Read, Royal Engineers (Chippenham)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant A. H. Reed, Royal Field Artillery (Lowe-Clapton, London)
    Sergeant J. Reeves, Royal Garrison Artillery (Brixton, London)
    Sergeant W. Revell, Leicestershire Regiment (Bavenstone, Leics.)
    Company Sergeant Major W. H. Ricketts, South Wales Borderers (Pontypool)
    Bin. A. Richards, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Southampton)
    Sergeant D. Richards, Labour Corps (Egremont)
    Sergeant W. J. Richards, North Staffordshire Regiment (Rugeley)
    Sergeant A. Richardson, Coldstream Guards (Birmingham)
    Company Sergeant Major C. W. Richardson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Sergeant G. Richardson, Machine Gun Corps (Ipswich)
    Sergeant H. Rider, Royal Field Artillery (Sheffield)
    Sergeant S. L. Ridgway, West Riding Regiment (Hadfield, Glossop)
    Sergeant G. W. Ridyard, Lancashire Fusiliers (Hightown)
    Battery Sergeant Major A. Rimmer, Royal Field Artillery (St. Helens)
    Sergeant A. Roberts, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Sheffield)
    Sergeant J. Roberts, Monmouthshire Regiment (Talywain, Poratypool, Mon.)
    Company Sergeant Major W. J. Roberts, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant D. Robertson, Tank Corps (Aberfeldy)
    Sergeant W. E. Robertson, Royal Marine Field Artillery (Carlisle)
    Acting Company Sergeant Major F. Robinson Tank.Corps (Bridlington)
    Sergeant T. Robinson, Durham Light Infantry (Durham)
    Rfn. A. Roe, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Balderton, Newark)
    2nd Corporal J. Rogers, Royal Engineers (Todmorden)
    Corporal S. Rogers, Royal Field Artillery (Wealdstone)
    Sergeant H. Rollinson, South Staffordshire Regiment (Bilston, Staffs.)
    Sergeant E. A. Rose, Royal Engineers (Thornton Heath)
    Company Sergeant Major R. Rowan, Highland Light Infantry (Glasgow)
    Corporal W. Rowe, Mil Mounted Police (Castleford, Yorkshire)
    Gunner F. H. Rundle, Royal Garrison Artillery (Plymouth)
    Sergeant S. Russell, East Yorkshire Regiment (Elloughton, near Brough, Yorkshire)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant S. Salmon, Monmouthshire Regiment (Hammersmith)
    Gunner J. J. Salkeld, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cockermouth)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant G. Samson, Worcestershire Regiment (Worcester)
    Company Sergeant Major F. Sanditson, Royal Fusiliers (Twickenham)
    Company Sergeant Major A. H. Sands, Royal Marine Light Infantry (Storehouse, Plymouth)
    Corporal J. W. Savage, Royal Engineers (Birmingham)
    Corporal J. W. Savin, Royal Field Artillery (Sedgley, near Dudley)
    Lance Corporal J. Scott, Royal Engineers (Liverpool)
    Company Sergeant Major R. Scott, Middlesex Regiment (Stroud Green, London)
    Sergeant H. Scrimshaw, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Mansfield)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant M. A. Searle, Highland Light Infantry (Worrnit, Fifeshire)
    Company Sergeant Major,

S. Searle, South Wales Borderers (Peckham, London)

    Corporal E. Seed, Lancashire Fusiliers (Blackburn)
    Sergeant J. Seton, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Sergeant C. J. Shale, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Coventry)
    Corporal Shoeing-Smith J. Sharp, Royal Field Artillery (Kilmarnock)
    Sergeant H. Shaw, Royal Engineers (Musselburgh)
    Fitter J. A. Shearer, Royal Field Artillery (Glasgow)
    Sergeant F. J. Sheldon, Royal Garrison Artillery (Croydon)
    Sergeant J. Shimmings, Coldstream Guards (Holsworthy, Devon.)
    Petty Officer H. J. Simon, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Hurst, Bixley)
    Private W. Simpson, Northumberland Fusiliers (West Sleekburn, Bedlington)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant R. Sinclair, Royal Garrison Artillery (Leith)
    Corporal H. Singleton, Royal Horse Artillery (Manchester)
    Gunner J. J. R. Singleton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Manchester)
    Corporal S. C. Sircombe, Royal Engineers (Bristol)
    Private G. Slater, Dragoon Guards (Wmsford)
    Company Sergeant Major T. W. Slater, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Matlock, Bath)
    Sapper P. A. Sly, Royal Engineers (Sheale)
    Sergeant Major H. Smart, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Worcestershire)
    Corporal A. G. Smith, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Sergeant A. S. Smith, Royal Field Artillery (Notting Hill Gate)
    Regimental Sergeant Major G. F. W. Smith, Dragoon Guards (Battersea)
    Corporal J. H. Smith, Royal Engineers (Peterborough)
    Bombardier L. E. Smith, Royal Garrison Artillery (Hanworth)
    Acting Corporal R. Smith, Royal Scots (Armadale)
    Company Sergeant Major W. Smith, Gordon Highlanders (Clydebank, Glasgow)
    Corporal W. Smith, Royal Engineers (Newport, Mon.)
    Sergeant J. V. Solari, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Sergeant A. Speake, Welsh Regiment (Trealaw)
    Company Sergeant Major C. Spence, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Corporal C. Spivey, Yorkshire Regiment (Pocklington)
    Sergeant E. J. Spriggs, Royal Engineers (Burnham, Somerset)
    Company Sergeant Major S. Sole, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Battery Sergeant Major N. F. Spratley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Paddington, London)
    Battery Sergeant Major A. Sprott, Royal Field Artillery (Glasgow)
    Bombardier W. E. Stay, Royal Garrison Artillery (Rugby)
    Sergeant L. Stewart, Royal Field Artillery (Stony Stratford)
    Gunner D. B. Stirling, Machine Gun Corps (Arclgour Wish aw)
    2nd Corporal C. M. Stone, Royal Engineers (Seaford)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant R. V. Stone, Royal Engineers (Birmingham)
    Company Sergeant Major T. A. Stuart, Lincolnshire Regiment (Ashton-under-Lyne)
    Corporal J. Swift, Machine Gun Corps (Wimbledon, Liondon)
    Lance Corporal H. Sykes, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Batley)
    Company Sergeant Major T. Sykes, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Leeds)
    Sergeant C. R. Taylor, Royal Garrison Artillery (Highgate Road)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant T. Templeton, Royal Engineers (Glengarnock, Ayr)
    Company Sergeant Major F. A. Terrill, Royal Engineers (Wealds)
    Sergeant H. W. Terry, Royal West Kent Regiment (Sevenoaks)
    Company Sergeant Major W. R. Thomas, Scottish Rifles (Battersea)
    Corporal H. Thompson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Liverpool)
    Battery Quartermaster SergeantA. C. Thorpe, Royal Field Artillery (Petersfield)
    Corporal C. V. Tighe, Middlesex Regiment (Walthamstow, Essex)
    Sergeant W. Timility, Lancashire Fusiliers (Seedley Manchester)
    Private C. E. Torr, West Yorkshire Regiment (Rotherham)
    Company Sergeant Major J. R. Tose, West Yorkshire Regiment (York)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant P. W. Tranter, Royal Field Artillery (Carlow)
    Corporal A. Travi, Middlesex Regiment (Islington)
    Sergeant P. W. Treacher, Royal Garrison Artillery (New-Maiden)
    Private T. H. Tregunna, Welsh Regiment (Swansea)
    Sergeant W. H. Trim, Royal Garrison Artillery (Lambeth)
    Sergeant W. G. Trindef, Royal Berkshire Regiment (Windsor)
    Sergeant H. Troke, Royal Engineers (Bournemouth)
    Sergeant J. W. Trotter, Durham Light Infantry (Durham)
    Sergeant F. H. TVyman, North Staffordshire Regiment (Abergavenny)
    Regimental Sergeant Major T. G. Upton, Hussars (Preston, Lancaster)
    Sergeant A. Utton, East Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Sergeant G. Veitch, Machine Gun Corps (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant H. C. Vmer, Somerset Light Infantry (London)
    Acting Colour Sergeant G. Vyse, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Corporal -Sergeant A. Waddell, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Bothkennar, Stirlingshire)
    Gunner M. J. Wagner, Royal Field Artillery (Liverpool)
    Company Sergeant Major C. F. Walker, Bedfordshire Regiment (Hitchin)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Wallis, Lincolnshire Regiment (Grimsby)
    Sergeant G. Walmesley, Machine Gun Corps (Bradford)
    Sergeant J. Wareing, North Lancashire Regiment (Bolton)
    Corporal E. J.Warwick, Royal Engineers (Pontycymmer)
    Sergeant J. A. Wassell, Royal Engineers (Fareham, Hampshire)
    Sergeant J. Waters, Northumberland Fusiliers (Gosforth)
    Private G. Watson, Scots Guards (Kirkonhill-by-Montrose)
    Sergeant W. Watson, Highland Light Infantry (Dundee)
    Sergeant F. W. Watt, Tank Corps (Aberdeen)
    Lance Corporal H. Watts, Traffic Control Squadron (Dovercourt, Essex)
    Lance Corporal P. Wearn, Wiltshire Regiment (Brockenhurst, Hampshire)
    Corporal G. Webster, South Lancashire Regiment (St. Helens)
    Sergeant W. Webster, Royal Engineers (Ashby-de-la-Zouch)
    Company Sergeant Major H. Weedon, Royal Fusiliers (Homerton)
    Corporal H. F. Welfare, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Lance Corporal W. J. Welham, East Lancashire Regiment (Willesden, London)
    2nd Corporal W. Wells, Royal Engineers (Alford, Surrey)
    Sergeant A. G. Wenden, Royal Garrison Artillery (Kingston, Portsmouth)
    Sergeant G. White, Royal Field Artillery (Liverpool)
    Sergeant H. Whitmore, Royal Garrison Artillery (W. Hampstead)
    Sergeant H. A. White, Tank Corps (Reading)
    Sergeant H. Whitfield, Yorkshire Regiment (Sledmere)
    Air Mechanic Sergeant Major F. Whittaker, Tank Corps (Manchester)
    Sergeant F. Whittaker, Royal Field Artillery (Sowerby Bridge, Yorkshire)
    Sergeant T. Whitton, Machine Gun Corps (Edinburgh)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Wicken, Royal West Kent Regiment (North Woolwich)
    Sergeant H. G. Wickington, East Kent Regiment (Haggerston, London)
    Sergeant P. Wicks, Royal Horse Artillery (Wellhall, London)
    Corporal A. Widdowson, Royal Field Artillery (E. Wakefield)
    Sergeant L. C. Wildig, Royal Field Artillery (Bethnal Green, London)
    Regimental Sergeant Major A. Wileman, North Lancashire Regiment
    Sergeant J. Wilkinson, East Lancashire Regiment (Burnley)
    Company Sergeant Major W. S. Wilkinson, West Riding Regiment (Holmfirth, Huddersfield)
    Company Sergeant Major E. G.Williams, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Brixton)
    Corporal F. Williams, North Lancashire Regiment (Horwich)
    Lance Corporal F. Williams, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Lance Sergeant I. Williams, Welsh Regiment (Bridgend)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant P. Williams, Royal Munster Fusiliers (Abertndwr)
    Corporal S. A. Williams, Royal Engineers (Smethwick)
    Sergeant W. T. Williams, Middlesex Regiment (Hornsey, London)
    Lance Corporal H. Willicombe, Rifle Brigade (Camberwell)
    Driver A. A. Willis, Royal Garrison Artillery (Apperley, near Tewkesbury)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant J. Willis, Royal Garrison Artillery (Kensington)
    Sergeant H. Willmer, Royal Garrison Artillery (Homerton, London)
    Sergeant W. Willows, West Riding Regiment (Colne)
    Lance Sergeant H. Wilshaw, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Chapel-en-le-Frith)
    Sergeant A. P. Wilson, Bedfordshire Regiment (Luton)
    Regimental Sergeant Major J. W. Windmill, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Brierley Hill)
    Corporal H. Withers, Royal Field Artillery (Muswell Hill, London)
    Sergeant A. Wood, Essex Regiment (Warley)
    Corporal H. Wood, Royal Field Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major H. C. Woodger, East Lancashire Regiment (Banning, Kent)
    Sergeant H. Woodhams, East Kent Regiment (Northampton)
    Battery Sergeant Major E. Woodruff, Royal Field Artillery (Blackburn)
    Corporal F. Woode, Royal Engineers (Maidenhead, Bucks)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. H. Woods, Royal Field Artillery (Battersea)
    Sergeant C. E. K. Wordingham, Suffolk Regiment (Railway, Cambs)
    Fitter Quartermaster Sergeant J. W.Worth, Royal Field Artillery (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant F. E. Wright, Royal Engineers (Darlington)
    Corporal F. W. Wright, Royal Scots (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant W. J. Wright, Royal Field Artillery (Pembroke)
    Company Sergeant Major T. G. Yearsley, Monmouthshire Regiment (Aberearn, Mon.)
    Sergeant W. H. Zanazi, Royal Engineers (Plymouth)
    Sergeant J. R. Adamson, Yorkshire Regiment (East Rainton)
    Petty Officer J. Allan, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Annitsford)
    Acting Bombardier S. A. Blyth, Royal Garrison Artillery (Melton, Norfolk)
    2nd Corporal F. Bownas, Royal Engineers (E. Bradford)
    Lance Corporal L. J. Burden, Tank Corps (Bridgtown)
    Sergeant A. Cole, South Wales Borderers (Withington Station, near Hereford)
    Lance Corporal M. Dixon, Shropshire Light Infantry (Gelli, Rhondda)
    Battery Sergeant Major F. W. H. Eastley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Southampton)
    Sapper W. J. Feeman, Royal Engineers (Liverpool)
    Regimental Sergeant Major A. Ferrier, Royal Highlanders (Perth)
    Corporal F. Fisher, Royal Field Artillery Wetley, Hampshire)
    Corporal G. C. Gane, Somerset Light Infantry (Shepton Mallet)
    Sapper W. I. Garner, Royal Engineers (Bletchley)
    Company Sergeant Major E. Hall, Middlesex Regiment (Preston, Lancaster)
    Lance Corporal G. Hardie, Royal Engineers (Glasgow)
    Sapper R. Harrison, Royal Engineers (Notting Hill)
    Sergeant R. Harrop, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Worksop)
    Driver H. Henthorn, Royal Field Artillery (Oldham)
    Corporal G. Hindle, East Lancashire Regiment (Preston)
    Lance Sergeant W. W. Hogben, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Portsmouth)
    Company Sergeant Major E. Irving, Coldstream Guards (Walworth, London)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant I. Jacks, Royal Munster Fusiliers (Leeds)
    Acting Corporal F. G. Jones, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Plaistow)
    Company Sergeant Major H. Larkman, Essex Regiment (Norwich)
    Sergeant L. T. Marsom, Military Mounted Police (Biggleswade, Bedford)
    Sergeant J. McIntosh, Gordon Highlanders (Aberdeen)
    Sergeant S. S. Morris, Royal Engineers (Stafford)
    Private H. R. Periam, Machine Gun Corps (Romford, London)
    Sergeant A. Roberts, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Talywain, Pontypool, Mon.)
    Lance Corporal I. Scott, Royal Engineers (Liverpool)
    Sergeant J. V. Solari, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps
    Battery Sergeant Major H. F. Spratley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Paddington, London)
    Regimental Sergeant Major A. Utton, East Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Clr.Sergeant G. Vyse, East Yorkshire Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major C. F. Walker, Bedfordshire Regiment (Hitchin)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant H. G. Wickington, East Kent Regiment (Haggerston, London)
    Sergeant P. J. Wicks, Royal Horse Artillery (Wellhall, London)
    Lance Corporal F. E. Wright, Royal Engineers (Darlington)

    Australian Imperial Force

    Private A. J. Breen, Infantry
    Temp Corporal B. W. Rickwo, Infantry
    E. H. Wiber, T.M. Brigade
    Sergeant E. A. W. Adams, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major A. E. Adams, Infantry
    Sergeant V. J. Barkell, Infantry
    Sapper E. L. Barrett, Engineers
    Private T. Bayne, Infantry
    Private H. Beaird, Infantry
    Sergeant D. F. Berman, Infantry
    V. Berriman, Artillery
    Corporal L. Berry, Infantry
    Sergeant J. R. Birthisel, Infantry
    Private S. H. Brazil, Infantry
    Private J. A. Breen, Infantry
    Gunner D. G. Brough, Field Artillery
    Sergeant J. R. Butler, Infantry
    Sergeant R. A. F. Campbell, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major H. M. Cook, Infantry
    Corporal H. F. Eagle, Field Artillery
    Sergeant A. W. Farmer, Infantry
    Sergeant R. P. Farris, Infantry
    Corporal A. Flavell, Infantry
    Sergeant S. Fountain, Engineers
    Sergeant C. E. Free, Infantry
    Regimental Sergeant Major R. Gray, Infantry
    Sergeant L. G. Howe, Engineers
    Sergeant L. G. Jarvis, Infantry
    Sergeant J. H. Leach, Infantry
    2nd Corporal L. T. J. Marshall, Engineers
    Sergeant Major A. E. McDonald, Field Artillery
    Staff Sergeant A. V. D. Moody, Engineers
    2nd Corporal J. L. Mounsey, Eng
    Sergeant B. F. Murphy, Infantry
    Sergeant D. T. W. Neville, Infantry
    Lance Corporal F. J. Perry, Infantry
    Corporal J. Printer, Salvage Company
    Corporal T. G. Purdue, Gar. Artillery
    Lance Corporal J. Reilly, Infantry
    Bombardier W. H. Ramsden, Field Artillery
    Temp Corporal W. B. Rickwood, Infantry
    Sergeant H. Shatwell, Infantry
    Private T. Smith, Infantry
    Sergeant G. Taylor, Pioneer Battalion
    Sapper R. G. Thomas, Engineers
    Sergeant F. T. Trevaskis, Pioneer Battalion
    Regimental Sergeant Major A. J. Vallis, Infantry
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant F. Walker, Machine Gun Corps
    Corporal C. G. Watson, Infantry
    Lance Sergeant F. A. Wheaton, Infantry
    Corporal H. E. Wiber, T. M. Brigade
    Private J. D. Walks, Army Medical Corps
    Company Sergeant Major S. Wilson, Infantry

    Canadian Force

    Sergeant P. H. Law, Field Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major H. Adam, Infantry
    Corporal J. D. Aird, Mounted Rifles
    Company Sergeant Major C. Baker, Infantry
    Sergeant W. J. Bassey, Infantry
    Sergeant H. M. Bennett, Engineers
    Company Sergeant Major R. Blair, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major F. J. Bonner, Infantry
    Sergeant E. J. Bridgwater, Engineers
    Corporal J. Bullock, Infantry
    Sergeant J. Burns, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major H. T. Carter, Infantry
    Sergeant C. L. Cooling, Engineers
    Sergeant J. Craig, Engineers
    Regimental Sergeant Major R. Dalrymple, Infantry
    Bombardier F. Donald, Gar. Artillery
    Sergeant T. A. Dunseath, Infantry
    Acting Company Sergeant Major G. W. Durran, Infantry
    Sergeant E. Ensor, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major E. Evans, Infantry
    Battery Sergeant Major S. C. Evans, Artillery
    Sergeant E. J. Field, Infantry
    Sergeant A. H. Frame, Field Artillery
    Sergeant J. Goulding, Railway Troops
    Private J. H. Gulliver, Infantry
    Sergeant J. M. Hay, Machine Gun Corps
    Sapper J. W. Holmes, Engineers
    Company Sergeant Major G. L. Howard, Mounted Rifles
    Regimental Sergeant Major W. T. Johnson, Infantry
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant D. McN. Johnstone, Infantry
    Sergeant A. J. Kirouac, Infantry
    Acting Sergeant H. W. Langdon, Infantry
    Sergeant P. H. Law, Field Artillery
    Sergeant J. N. Lyons, Gar. Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major A. MacAlay, Infantry
    Battalion Scout Sergeant J. L. MacCoubrey, Mounted Rifles
    Lance Corporal J. Mackay, Infantry
    Battery Sergeant Major A. K. McDonald, Field Artillery
    Sergeant W. L. McLean, Mounted Rifles
    Sergeant D. McLellan, Pioneer Battalion
    Lance Corporal W. J. Mead, Mounted Rifles
    T. P. Melvin, Field Artillery
    Sergeant W. A. Millen, Infantry
    Corporal H. L. Montgomery, Cyclist Battalion
    Sergeant T. W. Morgan, Infantry
    Private W. R. Mowll, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major J. Mutimer, Infantry
    Sergeant C. H. Olson, Railway Troops
    Company Sergeant Major J. H. Patton, Machine Gun Corps
    Sergeant W. L. Paul, Infantry
    Corporal C. E. Penrod, Field Artillery
    Sergeant A. Powell, Engineers
    Company Sergeant Major D. M. Robinson, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major J. Shefly, Inf
    Sergeant Warrant Officer Simpson, Engineers
    Sergeant W. D. Street, Infantry
    Private R. Taylor, Machine Gun Corps
    Sergeant Major J. Turner, Army Medical Corps
    Sergeant J. A. Ware, Gar. Artillery
    Sergeant J. Watson, Army Medical Corps
    Company Sergeant Major J. H. Wyatt, Infantry
    Sergeant G. M. Young, Infantry

    New Zealand Force

    Private N. D. Bowman, Infantry
    Corporal W. W. Bullock, Infantry
    Private V. Cruickshank, Infantry
    Lance Sergeant J. Densem, Rifle Brigade
    Gunner A. S. Driver, Field Artillery
    Sergeant F. Greig, Field Artillery
    Regimental Sergeant Major W. A. Gustafson, Pioneers
    Lance Sergeant S. N. Managh, Rifle Brigade
    Sergeant J. McCreanor, Infantry
    Corporal K. McKenzie, Infantry
    Sergeant A. W. M. Ohlson, Rifle Brigade
    Sergeant H. W. Price, Machine Gun Corps
    Lance Corporal orporal L. R. Ritchie, Infantry
    Driver S. Wade, Field Artillery

    Newfoundland Contingent

    Company Sergeant Major A. Taylor, Newfoundland Regiment

    South African Force

    Bombardier E. C. Tys, Royal Marine Artillery

Conspicuous Gallantry Medal (CGM)[edit]
Meritorious Service Medal (MSM)[edit]

    Sister Eileen King, Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service (R.). For bravery and devotion to duty on the occasion of a hostile air raid on a casualty clearing station. Although wounded, she continued to give directions for the care of the wounded.

For gallantry in the performance of military duty —

    Corporal J. B. Leonard, Royal Irish Rifles
    Sergeant W. H. Pollard, West Riding Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Private H. B. Taylor, Royal Army Medical Corps (Rochdale)

For valuable services rendered witih the Armies in the Field during the present War —

    Acting Staff Sergeant J. T. Claireaux, Army Ordnance Corps (Edinburgh)
    Acting Sergeant C. Pledger, Royal Garrison Artillery (Buntingford)
    Staff Sergeant J. Acland, Army Service Corps (East Dulwich)
    Sergeant H. Abbott, Grenadier Guards (Battersea)
    Sergeant A. Adams, Royal Army Medical Corps (Netley)
    Army Staff Sergeant W. H. Ahl, Army Ordnance Corps (Fulham)
    Private J. G. A. Aiston, Army Service Corps (Watford)
    Staff Sergeant E. Alexander, Royal Army Medical Corps (Jersey)
    Sergeant F. Allan, Royal Fusiliers (London)
    Corporal J. L. Allen, Army Ordnance Corps (Fulham)
    Sergeant C. A. Alp, Lincolnshire Regiment (Leyton)
    Sergeant J. Anderson, Army Ordnance Corps (Sunderland)
    Private W. E. Anderson, Hussars (Headington Quarry, Oxford)
    Lance Sergeant W. Archer, Labour Corps (Lincoln)
    Sergeant R. Armstrong, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (Irvinestown)
    2nd Corporal W. Armstrong, Royal Engineers (Hulme)
    Corporal A. Asher, Army Service Corps (Stoke Newington)
    Sergeant J. H. Ashton, Royal Army Medical Corps (Manchester)
    Corporal F. R. Ashwin, Royal Engineers (Old Brompton)
    Sergeant N. Ashworth, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bolton)
    Sergeant T. Atherton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Burnley)
    Sergeant W. J. Auker, Norfolk Regiment (King's Lynn)
    Sergeant C. Austin, Royal West Kent Regiment (nr. Cardiff)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant A. Axson, King's Own Scottish Borderers Dumfries)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant F. Bailey, South Lancashire Regiment (Manchester)
    Private A. L. Bale, Army Service Corps (Forest Gate)
    2nd Corporal W. A. Ballard, Royal Engineers (Southsea)
    Company Sergeant Major A. W. Bamber, Royal Engineers (Eastville)
    Acting Regimental Sergeant Major G. W. Banks, Middlesex Regiment (Staines)
    Company Sergeant Major G. T. Barber, Royal Engineers (Birmingham)
    Corporal J. E. Barber, Army Service Corps (Brighton)
    Private E. H. Barfoot, Army Service Corps (New Cross)
    Sergeant F. C. Barfoot, Royal Field Artillery (Portsmouth)
    Company Sergeant Major G. W. Barham, Royal Engineers (Leighton)
    Private J. Barnard, Army Service Corps (jattleboro)
    Battery Sergeant Major C. Barnes, Royal Garrison Artillery (Bristol)
    Sergeant P. J. Barnes, Army Service Corps (Warwick)
    Lance Corporal D. Barry, Military Mounted Police (Manchester)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant D. H. Bartlett, Army Service Corps (Roseberry Square, London)
    Staff Sergeant J. G. Batten, Royal Army Medical Corps (St. Helens)
    Sergeant H. J. Baugh, Royal Garrison Artillery (Plymouth)
    Sergeant C. Baughan, Army Service Corps (Bournemouth)
    Corporal W. R. Beale, Royal Engineers (York)
    Lance Corporal R. H. Beaumont, Royal Engineers (Woking)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant A. J. Beckerleg, Army Service Corps (Willesden)
    Sergeant Major D. J. D. Belford, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dundee)
    Lance Corporal D. Bell, Cameron Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Company Sergeant Major E. C. Bennett, Royal Engineers (Penzance)
    9Staff Sergeant Major C. W. Bennett, Army Service Corps (Fishergate)
    Sergeant F. Bennett, Royal Field Artillery (Bristol)
    Sergeant F. T. G. Bennett, Royal Field Artillery (Woolwich)
    By/Sergeant Major N. S. Bennett, Royal Garrison Artillery (Southsea)
    Sergeant Major S. Bennett, Military Mounted Police (Hoddesdon)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant F. Benson, Army Service Corps (Ayr)
    Lance Corporal R. H. Bentley, Royal Engineers (Leicester)
    Sergeant W. J. Benton, Machine Gun Corps (Ilford)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant C. E. Berbridge, Army Service Corps (Fulham)
    Sergeant W. H. Bernard, Royal Fusiliers (Custom House, London)
    Lance Corporal V. L. Berrie, Royal Engineers (Tooting)
    Sergeant J. Berry (Andover)
    Private J. E. Bettoney, Army Service Corps (Leicester)
    Private H. J. Bevan, Royal Army Veterinary Corps (St. Pauls Cray)
    Sergeant G. O'H. Beveridge, Military Mounted Police (Rathmines)
    Private F. C. Biggs, Army Service Corps (Westbourne Pk.)
    Quartermaster Sergeant J. W. Birch, Army Service Corps (Leeds)
    Battery Sergeant Major F. Bishop, Royal Field Artillery (Plumstead)
    Sergeant W. F. Blackburn, Royal Engineers (York)
    Troop Sergeant Major J. Blackburn, Royal Engineers (Blackburn)
    Corporal F. W. Blackmore, Army Service Corps (Woolton)
    Sapper R. Blakemore, Royal Engineers (Walthamstow)
    Temp Regimental Sergeant Major W. Blackwood, Middlesex Regiment (Stoke Gabriel, near Totnes)
    Conductor L. A. Blake, Royal Marines (South Shields)
    Private E. Blenkhorn, Army Service Corps (Roundhay)
    Staff Sergeant R. Boddy, Royal Army Medical Corps (Cardiff)
    Sergeant G. A. Booker, Royal Flying Corps (Wembley)
    S/QMSergeant H. Bolton, Army Service Corps (Manchester)
    Staff Sergeant Major S. A. Bone, Yeomanry (Titmarsh)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant S. F. Bonner, Army Service Corps (Colchester)
    Sergeant W. Bostock, Yeomanry (Teignmouth)
    Staff Sergeant W. R. Bougourd, Army Ordnance Corps (Canning Town)
    Sergeant W. Boughey, Royal Garrison Artillery (Skegby)
    Sergeant E. S. Bourton, Royal Army Medical Corps (Brixton)
    Sergeant J. Bovill, Army Service Corps (Leyton)
    Sergeant Major Foreman of Works J. Boyd, Royal Engineers (Fulwood)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant J. W. Boyle, Gordon Highlanders (Port Glasgow)
    Mechanic Sergeant Major J. Bradburn, Army Service Corps (E. Preston)
    Farrier Quartermaster Sergeant I. Brayton, Army Service Corps (Aldershot)
    Sergeant Major J. Brett, Royal Army Medical Corps (Plumstead)
    Lance Corporal J. Brew, Machine Gun Corps (Belfast)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant R. J. Brewer, Machine Gun Corps (Tottenham)
    Sergeant S. J. Brewrn, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Lance Corporal A. C. J. Bridges, Military Mounted Police (Tonbridge)
    Private B. J. Brown, A.S.C. (Havant)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. A. J. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (East Finchley)
    Sergeant W. Brown, Royal Engineers (Edinburgh)
    Company Sergeant Major W. T. Brown, Army Service Corps (Hove)
    Sergeant A. Buckingham, Royal Engineers (Plumstead)
    Battery Sergeant Major F. J. Buckland, Royal Field Artillery (Exeter)
    Quartermaster Sergeant A. Buckner, Royal Army Medical Corps (Glasgow)
    Conductor E. W. Buffee, Army Ordnance Corps (Whitley Bay)
    Regimental Sergeant Major T. H. Bull, Royal Field Artillery (E. Loughton)
    Private P. A. Bullock, Army Service Corps (Forest Gate)
    Staff Sergeant Major G. Bunch, Army Service Corps (Aldershot)
    Regimental Quartermaster Sergeant C. Bundock, Northumberland Fusiliers (Wood Green, London)
    Regimental Sergeant Major F. Burdett, Dragoon Guards (Birkenhead)
    Staff Sergeant C. H. Burghart, Army Service Corps (Ferryhill)
    Corporal T. G. Burnard, Army Service Corps (Seaton)
    Battery Sergeant Major F. Burt, Royal Garrison Artillery (Easton)
    Sergeant R. Burton, Royal Engineers (E. Berwick)
    Sergeant R. Burton, North Staffordshire Regiment (Cheltenham)
    Corporal R. Burton, Cameron Highlanders (Livingstone Station)
    Temp Regimental Sergeant Major T. Burton, R. FA. (Harrogate)
    Farrier Sergeant G. N. R. Buehnell, Royal Field Artillery (Notting Hill, London)
    Corporal O. L. Butler, Army Service Corps (Birkenhead)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Bycroft, Army Service Corps (Liverpool)
    Corporal E. W. F. Cager, Royal Engineers (Brighton)
    Company Sergeant Major W. E. Calcott, Royal Engineers (Harrow)
    Sergeant A. S. Camfield, Army Service Corps (Hepburn-on-Tyne)
    Lance Corporal E. W. A. Campbell, Middlesex Regiment (East Ham)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Campbell, Army Service Corps (Lurgan)
    Corporal W. H. Campbell Army Service Corps (Burnley)
    Sergeant Major J. B. Cantrell, Royal Army Medical Corps (Warrington)
    Bombardier H. Carley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Dover)
    Company Sergeant Major S. H. Carman, Royal Engineers (Islington)
    Sergeant W. Carroll, Manchester Regiment (Oldham)
    Corporal G. W. Carter, Royal Flying Corps (Swindon)
    Lance Corporal H. Carter, Army Ordnance Corps (Gillingham)
    Private E. L. Cartwright, Royal Army Medical Corps (Birmingham)
    Sergeant J. Carver, Royal Engineers (Gateshead)
    Acting Staff Sergeant C. L. Caswell, Army Ordnance Corps, attd. 67th Siege Battery, Royal Garrison Artillery (Taunton)
    Sergeant W. W. Cater, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Ossett)
    Sergeant A. L. Chadwick, Royal Field Artillery (Long-sight)
    Lance Corporal A. E. Chare, Royal Engineers (Sutton Coldfield)
    Private H. Charles worth, London Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Gunner C. E. Chick, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sunderland)
    Fitter Sergeant G. E. Chirgwin, Royal Flying Corps (Streatham)
    Sergeant A. E. Chisnall, Royal Engineers (Hindley Green)
    Acting Company Sergeant Major W. Christie, Royal Engineers (E. Chatham)
    Sergeant J. T. Churchyard, Royal Field Artillery (Strand, London)
    Bombardier G. S. Clapp, Royal Garrison Artillery (Poplar)
    Acting Regimental Sergeant Major F. J. Clark, East Lancashire Regiment (Plumstead)
    Sapper J. P. Clark, Royal Engineers (Denton)
    Driver A. L. Clarke, Army Service Corps (Grantham)
    Bombardier C. E. Clarke, Royal Garrison Artillery (Torquay)
    Sergeant J. H. Clarke, Manchester Regiment (Altrincham)
    Sergeant Major F. A. Clements, Mil Prov. S. Corps (Fulham)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant C. W. Cliff, Army Service Corps (Wolverhampton)
    Corporal H. L. Clifford, Gloucestershire Regiment (Golden Valley)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Coates, Royal Engineers (Gainsborough)
    Supt Clk Quartermaster Sergeant E. Coates, Rifle Brigade (Poole)
    Private W. Cochrane, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Quartermaster Sergeant J. A. Cockaday, Royal Garrison Artillery (Freshwater, Isle of Wight)
    Sergeant F. Colclough, North Staffordshire Regiment (Fenton)
    Sapper A. J. Cole, Royal Engineers (Biggleswade)
    Gunner F. E. Coleman, Royal Garrison Artillery (Fulham)
    Private H. J. Colhna, Army Service Corps (Rye)
    Staff Sergeant J. Collins, Army Ordnance Corps (Walworth)
    Company Sergeant Major W. Collins, Army Service Corps (Islington)
    Lance Corporal H. A. Collison, Military Foot Police (Middlesbro)
    Sergeant A. J. Cook, Army Service Corps (Manor Park, London)
    Sergeant A. J. Cook, Royal Flying Corps (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant H. Cooke, Grenadier Guards (Northampton)
    Private W. J. Cooke, Army Service Corps (E. Woolwich)
    Private T. B. W. Cookson, Army Service Corps (Battersea)
    Corporal C. E. Cooper, Rifle Brigade (Bexley Heath)
    Sapper J. E. Connolly, Royal Engineers (nr Crump, sail)
    Private T. Connolly, Royal Irish Regiment (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant T. Corless, Army Service Corps (Blackpool)
    Sapper T. Cosher, Royal Engineers (Barry, Wales)
    Company Sergeant Major J. T. Coverley, Royal Engineers (Chesterfield)
    Private W. Cowell, Liverpool Regiment (Douglas, Isle of M)
    Private H. W. G. Cox, East Kent Regiment (Ashford, Middlesex)
    J. H. Cox, Army Service Corps (Gosport)
    Private Machine Gun L. Cox, Army Service Corps (Leigh)
    Sapper J. Cracknell, Royal Engineers (Whitstorie)
    Private A. J. Crisp, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry, attd. Infantry Brigade (Westminster)
    Sapper W. Cromarty, Royal Engineers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Staff Sergeant Foreman of Works H. G. Croot, Royal Engineers (Mutley)
    Sergeant F. Crosby, Army Service Corps (Langham)
    Sergeant F. T. Croxford, Labour Corps (Maidenhead, Berks.)
    Sergeant H. A. Cruxton, Army Service Corps (Birmingham)
    Supt Clerk W. Cullen, Royal Berkshire Regiment (Aughnacloy, County Tyrone)
    Sergeant T. Cummins, Royal Flying Corps (Bristol)
    Sergeant J. A. Cundy, Royal Flying Corps (St. Johns Wood)
    Sergeant W. Currie, Royal Garrison Artillery (Harrogate)
    Sapper H. L. Curtis, Royal Engineers (Tufnell Park, London)
    RQM Sergeant F. Dale, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Plumstead)
    Quartermaster Sergeant W. H. Daniels, Royal Army Medical Corps (Linthorpe)
    Staff Sergeant S. J. Daly, Army Service Corps (Jersey Army Service Corps (Pimlico)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant F. Owen, Royal Engineers (Chatham)
    Regimental Sergeant Major S. Oxford, Dragoons (Felixstowe)
    Staff Sergeant A. Padget, Army Service Corps (Wakefield)
    Sergeant G. T. Palmer, Royal Engineers (Beaumaris)
    Mechanist Staff Sergeant J. W. Paltridge, Army Service Corps (Plymouth)
    Private C. V. Parker, Army Service Corps (Brighton)
    Sergeant J. Parker, Army Service Corps (Braintree)
    Staff Sergeant J. Parr, Royal Army Medical Corps (St. Helens)
    Corporal W. E. Patterson, Army Service Corps (Cork)
    Sergeant A. Pattison, Royal Army Medical Corps (Sheffield)
    Sergeant S. A. Payne, Royal Engineers (Bootle)
    Private A. H. Peacock, Army Service Corps (now Royal Fusiliers) (E. Woolwich)
    Armament Quartermaster Sergeant F. E. Peake, Army Ordnance Corps (Woolwich)
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Pearoe, Royal Field Artillery (Stoke-on Trent)
    Staff Sergeant A. Pearson, Royal Army Medical Corps (Swmton)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant J. H. Pearson, Cheshire Regiment (Stockport)
    Regimental Sergeant Major A. Peasgood, Lincolnshire Regiment (Stamford)
    Staff Sergeant Major C. G. Pedder, Army Service Corps (Beckenham)
    Battery Sergeant Major G. J. Penn, Royal Field Artillery (Tooting)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Penny, Royal Engineers (E. Cork)
    Private H. T. Penny, London Regiment (W. Baling)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Penwarden, Royal Engineers (Cheriton)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant T. W. Percivall, London Regiment (Wood Green)
    Acting Sergeant E. D. Petter, Royal Garrison Artillery (West Wittering)
    Sergeant T. Pettigrew, Labour Corps (Paisley)
    Quartermaster Sergeant F. A. Philbrook, Royal Army Medical Corps (Colchester)
    Sergeant E. J. Phillips, Royal Engineers (E. Swindon)
    Staff Sergeant H. S. Phillpott, Army Ordnance Corps (Ilford)
    Gunner B. Pick, Royal Garrison Artillery (Chopwell)
    Sergeant C. Pipe, North Lancashire Regiment (Bungay)
    Corporal J. Pirie, Gordon Highlanders (Airdrie)
    Company Sergeant Major H. Placey, A. G. Staff (Henley-on-Thames)
    Private A. H. Pollaid, Army Service Corps (Leicester)
    Sergeant E. C. Pope, Rifle Brigade (Southampton)
    Corporal E. W. Pople, Royal Engineers (Burnham)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant F. G. Pook, Machine Gun Corps (Upper Tooting, London)
    Sergeant P. J. Pook, Royal Army Medical Corps (Sidcup)
    Lance Corporal D. G. S. Porter, Military Foot Police, attd. Military Mounted Police (Aldershot)
    Quartermaster Sergeant T. H. Potter, Royal Army Medical Corps (Tuebrook, Liverpool)
    Sergeant H. H. Pottinger, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Acting Company, Sergeant Major R. Prance, A. G. Staff (Bideford)
    Lance Corporal A. L. Pratt, Army Service Corps (Nuneaton)
    Company Sergeant Major F. J. Pratt, Royal Engineers (Ipswich)
    Sergeant L. A. Pratt, Royal Army Medical Corps (Kirtlington)
    Sergeant A. N. Preston, Army Service Corps (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant W. H. Preston, Royal Fusiliers (Wimbledon)
    Staff Sergeant Major J. A. Pringle, Army Service Corps (Maryport)
    Sergeant W. Pringle, Royal Army Veterinary Corps (Newmarket)
    Petty Officer W. Punton, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Pelaw-on-Tyne)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant G. E. Pyne, Army Service Corps (Conways Cross, County Sligo)
    Fitter Sergeant F. Ramsav, Royal Flying Corps (Snaith)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant A. G. Randall, Royal Engineers (Walthamstow)
    Corporal J. O. Handle, Royal Army Medical Corps (Leicester)
    Battery Sergeant Major A. G. Rae, Royal Garrison Artillery (Ditton)
    Corporal T. W. Rea, Army Service Corps (Spittal)
    Battery Sergeant Major W. Read, Royal Field Artillery (Ipswich)
    Sergeant H. Rekes, Army Service Corps (Aldershot)
    Sergeant T. J. Rees, Royal Engineers (West Ham)
    Staff Sergeant Major W. R. Rees, Army Service Corps (Crawthorne)
    Driver H. Render, Royal Garrison Artillery (Middleham)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant G. Richardson, Army Service Corps (Shotley Bridge)
    Sergeant J. Richardson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Tyne Dock)
    Sergeant Major S. Richmond, Army Service Corps (Shoreham-by-Sea)
    Corporal T. S. Rickard, Army Service Corps (Tottenham)
    Sergeant T. W. Rider, Middlesex Regiment (Hoxton)
    Sergeant A. E. Ridley, Royal Engineers (Regents Park, London)
    Corporal J. Ripley, Royal Engineers (Leeds)
    Sergeant J. H. Roberts, London Regiment (Anerley, London)
    Mechanic Sergeant Major W. Robertson, Army Service Corps (Hampstead)
    Sergeant C. Robinson, Army Service Corps (Farnborough)
    Lance Corporal J. Robson, Royal Engineers (High Haworth)
    Company Sergeant Major W. Robson, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    2nd Corporal L. J. Rogers, Royal Engineers (Tottenham)
    Sergeant A. Roper, Dorsetshire Regiment (Arne)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant H. Rose, London Regiment (Forest Hill, London)
    Sergeant W. R. Rose, Machine Gun Corps (Birmingham)
    1st Class Staff Sergeant Major T. Rowan, Army Service Corps (Limerick)
    Corporal B. H. Russell, Liverpool Regiment (New Brighton)
    Staff Sergeant A. J. Ryan, Army Service Corps (Saffron Walden)
    Lance Corporal T. Ryan, Royal Engineers (Patricroft)
    Sergeant J. Salter, Army Ordnance Corps (Pawlett)
    Sergeant A. W. A. L. Sample, Royal Engineers (York)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant Sergeant J. Samuels, Royal Engineers (Ashton-on-Mersey)
    Driver E. Sandroff, Army Service Corps (Homerton)
    Mechanist Staff Sergeant D. W. Sarbutt, Army Service Corps (Ipswich)
    Sergeant R. H. Sarginson, Royal Fusiliers (West Hartlepool)
    Company Sergeant Major C. Saunders, Labour Corps (Lattlehampton)
    Sergeant C. S. Saunders, Royal Engineers (Fulham, London)
    Lance Corporal W, Saville, Royal Engineers (Thorpe, Leeds)
    Quartermaster Sergeant C. A. Scarbrow, Royal Army Medical Corps (Banwell)
    Corporal W. Scobie, Royal Highlanders (Blackford)
    Corporal A. Scott, Royal Engineers (Tranent)
    Corporal J. Scott, Royal Engineers (Newcastle)
    Temp M.S. M. H. Schofield, Army Service Corps (E. Colchester)
    Temp Sub-Condr J. Sedgwick, Army Ordnance Corps (Howgill)
    Sergeant H. W. Selden, Royal Army Medical Corps (Lincoln)
    Sqn. Corporal Major R. Sensier, Life Guards (Ascot)
    Acting Corporal J. Sewell, Labour Corps (late Royal Fusiliers) (Canning Town, London)
    Staff Sergeant Major W. Sewell, North Irish Horse (Dublin)
    Sergeant C. J. Sharp, Royal Engineers (Aldershot)
    Sergeant J. Sharp, York & Lancaster Regiment (Haigh, near Barnsley) London
    1st Writer L. E. Sharp, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Brixton)
    Sergeant R. Sharp, Royal Engineers (Taunton)
    Company Sergeant Major W. A. Sharpe, Royal Engineers (Wandsworth)
    Lance Corporal A. Shaw, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Bowerham)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant J. Shepherd, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Corporal S. Shield, Army Ordnance Corps (Liverpool)
    Sergeant S. H. Shinton, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private F. W. Shorney, Army Service Corps (Neath)
    Staff Sergeant F. V. Sibbald, Army Service Corps (Cork)
    Staff Sergeant Major T.F . Siddle, Army Service Corps (Elswick)
    Mechanic Staff Sergeant D. Silverstone, Army Service Corps (Leyton)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant W. Silvester, Royal Engineers (Portsmouth)
    Private J. J. Simmons, Army Service Corps (Kingstown, County Dublin)
    Regimental Sergeant Major W. E. Simmons, Royal Field Artillery (Sheffield)
    Sergeant J. Slater, Royal Garrison Artillery (Southsea)
    Sergeant H. Sleigh, Army Service Corps (Walsall)
    Company Sergeant Major A. Smith, Army Service Corps (Stratford)
    Sergeant A. Smith, London Regiment (Rotherhithe)
    Sergeant D. W. Smith, Northumberland Fusiliers (Aberdeen)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant F. Smith, Royal Field Artillery (Walton-on-Thames)
    Private H. P. Smith, Army Service Corps (Twickenham)
    Driver J. Smith, Army Service Corps (Shepherd's Bush)
    Staff Sergeant Major Sup Clk R. Smith, Middlesex Regiment (West Baling)
    Sergeant R. A. Smith, Royal Engineers CPaisley)
    Sergeant W. Smith, Northumberland Fusiliers (Hull)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Smoothey, Machine Gun Corps (Rochford)
    Acting Sergeant Major W. J. Smyrk, Royal Flying Corps (Islington)
    Farrier Quartermaster Sergeant J. C. Sobey, Dragoon Guards (Hornsey)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant E. N. Soilleux, Army Service Corps (Whitstable)
    Sergeant Royal Artillery Sparling, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Company Sergeant Major W. J. Speller, Royal Engineers (Maidenhead)
    Lance Corporal A. Spmks, South Lancashire Regiment (Warrington)
    Corporal A. J. Spry, Royal Marine Light Infantry (Landulpa)
    Sergeant W. D. Stafford, Royal Fusiliers (Pietermaritzburg)
    Temp Sub Conductor F. G. Stagg, Army Ordnance Corps (Portsmouth)
    Sergeant H. Standen, Military Mounted Police (Wanrkworth)
    Sergeant W. A. Stephens, Army Service Corps (Cloughfold)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant J. Stephenson, Army Service Corps (Gateshead)
    Sergeant B. Stoddart Durham Light Infantry (Barnard Castle)
    Corporal A. J. Stokes, Royal Garrison Artillery (Poole)
    Corporal A. Stone, Army Ordnance Corps (Erith)
    Sergeant A. Strain, Royal Engineers (Alexandria, N.B.)
    Conductor J. Strange, Army Ordnance Corps (St. Heliers, Jersey)
    Sergeant A. T. Strivens, Army Service Corps (East Ham)
    Superindending Clerk G. T. Stroud, Royal Engineers (Gillingham)
    2nd Corporal G. D. Sutton, Royal Engineers (Northwich)
    Fitter Sergeant W. H. Sweeting, Royal Flying Corps (Cirencester)
    Sergeant W. Sylvester, Army Service Corps (Brownhills)
    1st Class Staff Sergeant Major T. A. Taoey, Army Service Corps (Barnsbury)
    Sergeant A. Tannahill, Northumberland Fusiliers (Gateshead)
    Corporal E. C. Tansley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Coventry)
    Sup. Clerk H. Targett, Royal Engineers (Houghton)
    Sergeant C. A. Taylor, Royal Engineers (Farnham)
    Conductor E. H. Taylor, Army Ordnance Corps (St. George's, Bermuda)
    Sergeant F. W. D. Taylor, Army Service Corps (Weeley)
    Acting Sergeant H. D. Taylor, Royal Engineers (Brackley)
    Temp Sergeant Major H. W. Taylor, Royal Engineers (Gillingham)
    Sergeant T. Taylor, Machine Gun Corps (Leominster)
    Sergeant W. L. Taylor, Army Service Corps (Nunhead)
    Sergeant F. W. Toake, Royal Garrison Artillery (Tatterham)
    Sergeant T. Thomas, Royal Berkshire Regiment (Briton, Ferry, Glamorgan)
    Sergeant W. Thomasson, Shropshire Light Infantry (Bolton, Lancaster)
    Sergeant Major A. Thompson, Royal Army Medical Corps (Manchester)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant P. Thompson, Machine Gun Corpsr (Knottingley)
    Corporal W. F. B. Thompson, Labour Corps (Kensal Rise)
    Lance Corporal J. Mel Thomson, Royal Engineers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Acting Sergeant J. Thornhill, Labour Corps (Customs House)
    Sergeant T. Thornly, Royal Army Veterinary Corps (Colchester)
    Company Sergeant Major R. Tildesley, Army Service Corps (Willenhall)
    Bombardier C. W. Tilt, Royal Garrison Artillery (Browsgrove)
    Private A. W. Tippitts, Army Service Corps, attd. Labour Company, now Royal Engineers (E. Woolwich)
    Acting Staff Sergeant A. Tomkins, Army Ordnance Corps (Portslade)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant W. Trappett, Royal Engineers (Curragh)
    Staff Sergeant V. Tnppv Royal Army Medical Corps (Clapton)
    Sup Clerk Sergeant Major M. Trippas, Rifle Brigade Mold)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant C. H. Tuke, Army Service Corps (Lichfield)
    Sergeant A. N. Turner, Army Service Corps (Whitstable)
    Acting Sergeant H. Turner, A.G. Staff (Norwich)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant J. Turner, Manchester Regiment (Bradford)
    Company Sergeant Major J. Turner, Royal Engineers (Gillingham)
    Sergeant W. J. Turner, Royal Army Medical Corps (Lurgan, County Armagh)
    Corporal F. Tustin, Royal Engineers (Hither Green)
    Corporal V. V. J. Unmey, Army Ordnance Corps (Lower Monkstown, County Cork)
    Bombardier R. Underwood, Royal Garrison Artillery (Kildare)
    Sergeant G. Utley, Royal Garrison Artillery (York)
    Sergeant A. Valentine, Royal Garrison Artillery (Leeds)
    Battery Sergeant Major L. W. Venables, Royal Garrison Artillery (Saltby)
    Regimental Sergeant Major J. Vevers, Royal Field Artillery (Chapel-en-le-Frith)
    Private J. Vincent, Army Service Corps (now Labour Corps) (E. Woolwich)
    Regimental Sergeant Major A. Vian, Royal Field Artillery (South Norwood)
    Lance Corporal W. H. Waddell, MF P. (Corby)
    Company Sergeant Major Artillery Clerk E. B. Wager, Royal Garrison Artillery (Wellingborough)
    Sergeant J. Wainwright, Royal Flying Corps (Caledonian Road, London)
    Sergeant W. J. Wainwright, Royal Engineers (Smallthorne)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant F. C. Walker, Highland Light Infantry (Tuffnel Park)
    Acting Staff Sergeant J. Walker, Army Ordnance Corps (Halifax)
    Private R. W. Walker, Army Ordnance Corps (Pembroke Dock)
    Corporal E. E. Wallace, Royal Engineers (Bury St. Edmunds)
    Mechanic Staff Sergeant P. Walmsley, Army Service Corps (Bolton)
    Private C. E. Walter, Army Service Corps (Woolwich)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant J. Walthew, Army Service Corps (Middlesbro)
    Sergeant Major A. J. Warburton, Royal Army Veterinary Corps (Bradford)
    Private F. Ward, Army Service Corps (Manchester)
    Corporal W. H. Ward, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Bude)
    Corporal F. C. Warden, Royal Army Medical Corps (Derby)
    Acting Company Quartermaster Sergeant S. L. Wareham, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private J. Waters, Royal Army Medical Corps (Tyldesley)
    Corporal A. Watson, Army Service Corps (Boroughbridge)
    Sergeant T. Watson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Warrington)
    Sergeant H. Webb, Royal Flying Corps (Finsbury Park, London)
    Fitter Sergeant T. O. Webber, Royal Flying Corps (Hawkhurst)
    C. G. Webster, Royal Field Artillery (East Ham)
    Sergeant N. F. Webster, West Yorkshire Regiment(Leeds)
    Corporal A. Weeks, Royal Engineers (Dublin)
    Staff Sergeant Major B. G. Weiss, Army Service Corps (Salisbury)
    Air Mechanic, 1st Class J. G. Weldon, Royal Flying Corps (Sefton Park)
    Regimental Sergeant Major G. H. Weller, Royal Engineers (Newark)
    Sergeant A. Wells, Royal West Kent Regiment (Hawkhnrstt
    Temp Staff Sergeant Major D. Wells, Army Service Corps (Folkestone)
    Sergeant H. O. Welsh, Durham Light Infantry (Gateshead)
    Quartermaster Sergeant T. Wheway, Royal Army Medical Corps (Leicester)
    Sergeant W. Whiston, Middlesex Regiment (Hanley, Staffs.)
    Fitter Sergeant E. E. White, Royal Flying Corps (Camberley)
    Quartermaster Sergeant H. White, Royal Army Medical Corps (Waisail)
    Sergeant J. White, Royal Engineers (Willesden)
    Private W. White, Dragoon Guards (Wickford)
    Corporal W. H. C. White, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Staff Sergeant L. J. Whitehorn, Royal Engineers (Clapham, London)
    Sergeant J. W. Whitehouse, Army Service Corps (Tipton)
    Sergeant L. Whiteley, Army Service Corps (E. Liverpool)
    Company Sergeant Major F. H. Whitfield, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (South Tottenham)
    Corporal W. Wignall, Royal Army Medical Corps (Liverpool)
    Sergeant Major Superintendent Clerk W. Wilcock, Royal Engineers (E. Bristol)
    Armament Quartermaster Sergeant J. Wilkinson, Army Ordnance Corps (Fleet)
    Staff Sergeantmith T. Wilkinson, Royal Engineers (Fermoy)
    Corporal W. E. Willcockson, Labour Corps (Kingsland Road, London)
    Squadron Quartermaster Sergeant F. A. Williams, Army Service Corps (Altrincham)
    Lance Corporal G. Williams, Military Mounted Police (Richmond)
    Sergeant W. G. Willis, Royal Flying Corps (Bristol)
    Private W. J. Willis, Army Service Corps (Swindon)
    Acting Sergeant Major A. H. Willson, Army Ordnance Corps (Penge)
    Temp Sub Conductor T. Wilson, Army Ordnance Corps (Plumstead)
    Quartermaster Sergeant W. Wisdom, Royal Engineers (Shepherd's Bush)
    Private A. L. Witts, Army Service Corps (Worcester)
    Sergeant W. Wonfor, Labour Corps (Surbiton)
    Sergeant E. J. Wood, Military Mounted Police (Taplow)
    Acting Staff Sergeant T. W. Wood, Army Ordnance Corps (Stafford)
    Sergeant J. Woodcock, Royal Field Artillery (South Shields)
    Sergeant A. Woods, Labour Corps (Lytham, Lancaster)
    Quartermaster Sergeant J. A. I. Woods, South Wales Borderers (Diss)
    Regimental Sergeant Major A. Worsfold, Royal Field Artillery (Winsford)
    Farrier Staff Sergeant A. A. Wright, R. M. (New Cross, London)
    Gunner J. Wright, Royal Garrison Artillery (Lincoln)
    Private J. Wright, Royal Army Veterinary Corps (West Lynn)
    Sergeant J. Wright, Royal Scots (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant W. L. R. Wright, Royal Army Veterinary Corps (Manchester)
    Private G. H. Wrigglesworth, East Yorkshire Regiment (E. York)
    Sergeant J. R. Yarrow, Royal Garrison Artillery (Shoeburyness)
    Quartermaster Sergeant S. W. Yardley, Royal Engineers (Moulton)
    Company Sergeant Major H. Yarnall, Army Service Corps (Leicester)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant H. Yates, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Wolverhampton)
    Company Sergeant Major W. C. Yealand, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant A. J. Young, Royal Engineers (Hulme)
    Private P. A. Young, Army Service Corps (Lewisham)
    Sergeant V. L. Young, Royal Engineers (Chatham)
    Private D. Smyth, Royal Irish Rifles (Dromore)
    Private H. Clarke, Army Service Corps (Whitchurch)

    Australian Imperial Force

    Sergeant P. de M. Abbott, Army Medical Corps
    2nd Corporal C. P. Atkins, Engineers
    Sergeant H. C. Behaun, Army Medical Corps
    Sergeant L. K. Bridge, Infantry
    Sergeant W. A. Bryant, Infantry
    Able Seamanattery Quartermaster Sergeant P. S. Game, Infantry
    Sergeant W. H. H. Carpenter, Army Service Corps
    Sergeant W. C. Cheesenian, Light Trench Mortar Battery
    Warrant Officer Artr. F. N. Conradi, Army Ordnance Corps
    Warrant Officer 1st Class, W. C. Copperthwaite, Infantry
    Warrant Officer J. M. Davis, Division HQ Clerical Staff
    Sergeant H. O. S. Drew, Infantry
    Sergeant D. J. Duggan, Field Artillery Brigade
    Sergeant F. F. Eddie, Army Medical Corps
    Warrant Officer S. E. Emms, Army Medical Corps
    Sergeant C. Evans, Infantry
    Sergeant J. Flackfield, Engineers
    2nd Corporal J. D. Fletcher, Engineers
    Sergeant A. H. Fortescue, Army Service Corps
    Warrant Officer G. W. Fulton, AHQ Clerical Staff
    Warrant Officer J. T. Goodhall, Army Medical Corps
    Sergeant H. C. Hopkins, Infantry
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant C. H. Howitt, Infantry
    Staff Sergeant R. L. Kennedy, Army Medical Corps
    Staff Sergeant W. H. S. Kerr, Anzac Prov. Corps
    Warrant Officer 1st Class, L. L. Lethlean, Engineers
    Corporal S. F. E. Liebert, Engineers
    Lance Corporal W. G. Lincoln, Cyclist Battalion
    Staff Sergeant E. A. Lockhart, Infantry
    Warrant Officer G. N. Mackie, Infantry
    Private T. W. Martin, Infantry
    Driver W. P. Martin, Engineers
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant J. J. McCredie, Army Ordnance Corps
    Staff Sergeant D. McNaught, Royal Army Veterinary Corps
    Sergeant W. H. Millar, Engineers
    Corporal N. G. Mills, Engineers
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant O. T. Mills, Infantry
    Staff Sergeant G. L. Morris, Infantry
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant R. A. Murdoch, Infantry
    Sergeant G. Patrick, Engineers
    Temp Warrant Officer H. L. Peck, Royal Army Pay Corps
    Warrant Officer W. Poole, Army Medical Corps
    Lance Corporal J. H. Powell, Infantry
    Staff Sergeant E. P. Prendergast, Infantry
    Lance Corporal J. W. Quarrie, Army Service Corps
    Warrant Officer F. C. Roberts, Army Medical Corps
    Corporal A. Sinclair, Engineers
    Sergeant D. R. Smith, Anzac Hqrs
    Regimental Sergeant Major E. E. Solley, Clerical Staff, HQ
    Company Sergeant Major J. H. Steer, Engineers
    Corporal J. S. Stevenson, Infantry
    Temp Warrant Officer S. J. Stott, HQ
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant C. R. Stubbs, Army Service Corps
    Sergeant H. C. G. Thurlow, Engineers
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant F. G. Turner, Infantry
    Company Sergeant Major /C. J. Vause, Engineers
    Conductor T. D. Watson, Army Ordnance Corps
    Temp Conductor M. C. Welch, Army Ordnance Corps
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant A. W. T. White, Pioneer Battalion
    Staff Sergeant Major T. C. Wilkinson, Anzac Prov. Corps
    Sergeant J. R. Wilson, Infantry
    Warrant Officer A. F. Woollard, Engineers
    Sergeant H. F. Young, Infantry

    Canadian Force

    Sergeant A. J. Addy, Canadian Railway Troops
    Sergeant H. P. Allberry, Infantry
    Sergeant R. F. Allen, Engineers
    Sergeant H. A. Buckle, Infantry
    Sergeant W. H. Charlesworth, Canadian Railway Troops
    Sergeant D. Collins, Canadian Railway Troops
    Sergeant J. Craddock, Pioneer Battalion
    Sergeant Major E. B. Davies, Infantry
    Sergeant J. C. H. Davies, Engineers
    Corporal H. W. Dawes, Canadian Sub-Staff, late Machine Gun Corps
    Sergeant W. H. Dean, Canadian Railway Troops
    Staff Sergeant R. Drummond, Army Service Corps
    Sergeant J. Duckworth, Infantry
    Acting Quartermaster Sergeant H. W. Dunk, Ordance Corps
    Sergeant Major P. G. Fairbrother, Cavalry
    Sergeant Major J. Farmer, Canadian Sub Staff
    Sergeant W. H. Foote, Infantry
    Corporal H. H. Goodall, Infantry
    Acting Sergeant Major S. W. Graham, Ordnance Corps
    Acting Corporal J. Grier, Infantry
    Sergeant J. Harper, Infantry
    Staff Sergeant G. A. Harris, Army Service Corps
    Battery Sergeant Major E. Hineson, Artillery
    Quartermaster Sergeant H. G. Iliffe, Canadian Sub-Staff
    Staff Sergeant W. A. Jeffs, Cyclist Corps
    Private W. Johnson, Canadian Sub-Staff
    Corporal C. Kennedy, Rly Troops
    Sergeant D. King, Canadian Railway Troops
    Sergeant Major C. E. Lamb, Canadian Sub-Staff
    Corporal J. G. MacGregor, Labour Battalion
    Private W. M. MacLean, Canadian Railway Troops
    Corporal R. McDonald, Canadian Railway Troops
    Acting Sergeant J. H. McKenzie, Canadian Forestry Corps
    Staff Sergeant J. Milroy, attd. Canadian General Base Depot
    Sergeant G. Morgan, Infantry
    Private L. G. Mounoe, Canadian Forestry Corps
    Corporal D. R. Murray, Infantry
    Staff Sergeant H. Prior, Canadian Sub-Staff
    Staff Sergeant A. E. Ross, Army Service Corps
    Corporal M. E. Rugg, Army Service Corps
    Sergeant K. S. Russell, Infantry
    Gunner L. A. Shaver, Division Artillery
    Company Sergeant Major W. R. Spencer, Engineers
    Quartermaster Sergeant D. H. Strutt, Infantry
    Staff Sergeant G. H. Taylor, Army Medical Corps
    Quartermaster Sergeant A. E. Tomlin, Canadian Sub-Staff
    Sergeant T. M. Turner, Infantry
    Staff Sergeant R. Webber, Canadian Railway Troops
    Battery Sergeant Major J. Whitts, Field Artillery

    New Zealand Force

    Sergeant D. Cameron, Pioneers
    Sergeant S. S. Choate, Clerical Staff
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant E. S. Colebrook, Rifle Brigade
    Lance Corporal S. V. Forrest, Auckland Regiment
    Sergeant G. H. Griffin, Wellington Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major A. H. Guy, Canterbury Regiment
    Sergeant R. E. Hunt, Rifle Brigade
    Sergeant T. Jones, Auckland Regiment
    Company Sergeant Major T. Kenna, Engineers
    Private J. G. Langrish, Rifle Brigade
    Staff Sergeant Major G. E. Lovell, Canterbury Regiment
    Lance Corporal J. Mercer, Rifle Brigade
    Staff Sergeant G. R. Robinson, New Zealand Medical Corps
    Corporal L. Shaw, Rifle Brigade
    Lance Corporal T. Smith, Rifle Brigade
    Staff Sergeant H. L. Walden, Postal Service

    South African Force

    Driver J. Bryant, Army Service Corps
    Driver C. N. Gabriel, Army Service Corps
    Driver P. G. Locker, Army Service Corps
    Sergeant C. McPherson, Infantry
    Sergeant H. Ritchie, Signal Company, Engineers
    Sergeant C. H. V. Sowden, Engineers

    Indian Army

    Staff Sergeant J. R. Howey, Indian Miscellaneous List, attd. Indian Sec., General Headquarters
    Cond. E. V. Johnson, Indian Ordn. Department
    Farrier Staff Sergeant S. Mills, Indian Subordnance Veterinary Department
    Sub Conductor E. T. Walsh, Supply and Transport Corps, attd. Lucknow CCS
    Staff Sergeant J. E. Walsh, Indian Miscellaneous List

Military Medal (MM)[edit]

    Private F. W. Abell, South Staffordshire Regiment (Leicester)
    Sergeant W. G. Abor, Honourable Artillery Company (Wallington)
    Private G. H. Ackland, Grenadier Guards (Bow, London)
    Sergeant O. T. Acton, Machine Gun Corps (Horton Kirby)
    Private A. H. Adams, North Staffordshire Regiment (Cheadle)
    Sergeant J. Adamson, Seaforth Highlanders (Motherwell)
    Bombardier A. Adie, Royal Field Artillery (Bayswater W.)
    Private R. Affleck, Scots Guards (Johnstone)
    Lance Corporal W. Agnew DCM Royal Engineers (Belfast)
    Private R. Ainscow, Lancashire Fusiliers (Pendleton)
    Private R. Alderson, Grenadier Guards (Hawes)
    Private D. Allan, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Buckhaven)
    Lance Corporal J. McP. Allan, Scots Guards (Glasgow)
    Sapper F. S. Allen, Royal Engineers (Derby)
    Driver J. H. Allen, Royal Field Artillery (Otley)
    Lance Corporal R. Allenby, Northumberland Fusiliers Norristhorpe)
    Lance Corporal F. Allison, Yorkshire Regiment (Everingham)
    Gunner F. H. Allon, Royal Field Artillery (Hexham)
    Sergeant W. Allsopp, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Watford)
    Driver H. Alexander, Royal Field Artillery (Finsbury, E.G.)
    Private P. Alexander, Welsh Regiment (Poulton-Wallasey)
    Corporal J. E. Ames, Middlesex Regiment (Manor Park)
    Private H. Amey, Dorsetshire Regiment (Farnham)
    Corporal J. Amos, Royal Field Artillery (Moffat)
    Corporal A. Anderson, Royal Highlanders (Dunfennline)
    Corporal J. Anderson, Royal Field Artillery (Tyrone)
    Private J. Anderson, Liverpool Regiment (Liver pool)
    Sergeant J. C. Andrew, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Truro)
    Sergeant A. Andrews, Machine Gun Corps (Lyndhurst)
    Sergeant A. Appleby, Royal Field Artillery (Houghtonle-Spring)
    Sergeant W. Appleby, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Private T. Appleyard, Northumberland Fusiliers (Cudworth)
    Private A. E. Apps, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private R. F. Archibald, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Private A. Armsby, Norfolk Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Corps (Downham)
    Private W. Armstrong, Irish Guards (Newbliss)
    Private V. A. Arnold, West Riding Regiment (Norfolk)
    PrivateA. H. Arundell, Royal West Kent Regiment (Rotherhithe)
    Corporal S. Ashcroft, Labour Corps (Walton)
    Private W. Ashe, Grenadier Guards (Middlesbrough)
    Fitter Sergeant A. Ashley, Royal Field Artillery (Altrinc. bam)
    Lance Corporal W. H. Ashman, Royal Engineers (Bath)
    Corporal C. Ashton, Royal Field Artillery (Kirton-in. Lindsey)
    Gunner R. Ashton, Royal Field Artillery (Shipley)
    Private R. Ashworth, Lancashire Fusiliers (Rochdale)
    Private A. Askew, Bedfordshire Regiment (Yaxley)
    Private J. Askew, Grenadier Guards (Long Ichington)
    Private H. P. Atherton, Cheshire Regiment (Chester)
    Private A. F. Atkin, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Lance Corporal A. B. Atkinson, Gordon Highlanders (Leith)
    Sapper G. Atkinson, Royal Engineers (Gateshead)
    Private J. W. Atkinson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Darlington)
    Sergeant R. R. Atkinson, Norfolk Regiment (Brighton)
    Corporal W. Atkinson, Royal Engineers (Leeds)
    Private W. Atkinson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Scarborough)
    Corporal D. C. Attwood, Royal Engineers (Greenwich)
    Private A. E. Austin, Seaforth Highlanders (Oxford)
    Private S. Austin, Royal West Kent Regiment (E. New Cross)
    Acting Corporal T. Austin, South Staffordshire Regiment (Darlaston)
    Gunner J. Avenell, Royal Field Artillery (Maidstone)
    Corporal W. Attwood, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Southall)
    Private A. C. Avery, Rifle Brigade (London)
    Lance Corporal C. Babb, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Marhamchurch)
    Driver B. Bache, Royal Field Artillery (Worcester)
    Lance Corporal 8 Back, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Leeds, Kent)
    Private A. H. Bailey, Coldstream Guards (Eccleshall)
    Lance Corporal F. S. Bailey, South Staffordshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Driver S. Bailey, Royal Field Artillery (York)
    Sapper J. Baillie, Royal Engineers (Mulengavie)
    Corporal A. Baker, Royal Field Artillery (E. Finchley)
    Private A E. Baker, Suffolk Regiment (Nacton)
    Sergeant C. Baker, Royal Horse Artillery (Trowbridge)
    Private C. J. Baker, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Brading, Isle of Wight)
    Lance Corporal H. J. Baker, Royal Sussex Regiment (Goring-on-Sea)
    Acting Corporal R. Baker, Machine Gun Corps (E. Camiberwell)
    Private L. M. Baldwin, East Surrey Regiment (Gorleston-on-Sea)
    Private W. J. Bale, London Regiment (Tollington Park)
    Private G. Ball, Rifle Brigade (Islington)
    Pitt. E. Ballantyne, Royal Field Artillery (Seaham Harbour)
    Private V. Ballard, Machine Gun Corps (Kingston-on-Thames)
    Sergeant P. Ballinger, Royal Garrison Artillery (Darlington)
    Corporal T. Balshaw, Gordon Highlanders (Chorley)
    Private A. Bamford, Gloucestershire Regiment (Clifton)
    Private J. W. Banks, Coldstream Guards (Wolverhampton)
    Private J. Bannan, Border Regiment (Carlisle)
    Lance Corporal R. Banner, Royal Scots (Perth)
    Private W. W. Bannister, Suffolk Regiment (Madingley)
    Private W. Bapty, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Corporal E. Barber, Royal Engineers (Toilbridge)
    Private C. Barclay, Gordon Highlanders (Drumblade)
    Sergeant T. Barclay, Royal Field Artillery (Glasgow)
    Private G. Barden, Royal West Kent Regiment (Tunbridge Wells)
    Private E. Barnes, Lincolnshire Regiment (Gainsborough)
    Private E. Barrow, Army Service Corps (Preston)
    Pioneer M. Barry, Royal Engineers (Burnley)
    Sergeant P. Barry, Royal Field Artillery (Cork)
    DriverW. Bartlett, Royal Field Artillery (Fairford)
    Sergeant A. E. Barton, West Yorkshire Regiment (York)
    Gunner J. C. Bass, Royal Field Artillery (Mile End, London)
    Lance Corporal H. Bassett, Royal Sussex Regiment (Balsall)
    Driver S. Baster, Royal Field Artillery (Forest Gate, London)
    Sapper W. H. Bastin, Royal Engineers (Exeter)
    Private W. Bateman, West Yorkshire Regiment (Sauchie)
    Corporal G. Bates, Border Regiment (Kettering)
    Corporal A. S. Batley, Norfolk Regiment (Billingford)
    Private H. Bayliff, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Abergele)
    Private W. Beardsall, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Retford)
    Pioneer A. Beaston, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Lance Corporal G. E. Beattie, Northumberland Fusiliers (Felling-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant J. Beattie, Machine Gun Corps (Kirkcudbright)
    Corporal J. D. Beattie, Royal Garrison Artillery (Aspatria)
    Private C. Beckett, Shropshire Light Infantry (Pembroke Dock)
    Private A. G. Beddoes, London Regiment (Canning Town)
    Driver C. Belandj Royal Field Artillery (Euston Rd., London)
    Private E. E. Bell, West Riding Regiment (Otley)
    Private H. Bell, Machine Gun Corps (Edinburgh)
    Corporal P. Bell, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Kirkintilloch)
    Corporal J. Bell, Devonshire Regiment (Lambeth, London)
    Private J. Bell, East Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Corporal R. Bell, Northumberland Fusiliers (South Shields)
    Private J. W. Bellamy, Suffolk Regiment (Dartford)
    Corporal R. S. fielsten, Royal Field Artillery (Bristol)
    Sergeant G. Bennett, Royal Field Artillery (Nuneaton)
    Acting Bombardier G. Bennett, Royal Field Artillery (Heckmondwike)
    Sapper J. Bennett, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Sergeant W. J. Bennett, Devonshire Regiment (Winsbere Buckland)
    Sergeant R. F. Benton, Royal Engineers (Railway)
    Private M. Bergin, Lancashire Fusiliers (Seedley)
    Private J. T. Berridge, West Riding Regiment (Spalding)
    Sergeant F. Berry, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bury)
    Sergeant H. Berry, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Fitter Corporal W. G. Best, Royal Field Artillery (Blackhalls)
    Private A. Beswick, Coldstream Guards (Old Kent Road, London)
    Lance Sergeant E. W. Betts, Coldstream Guards (Doncaster)
    Bombardier H. E. Betts, Royal Field Artillery (Kennington, London)
    Private E. Bevan, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wednesbury)
    Private A. Bibby, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Blackburn)
    Corporal W. Bibby, Royal Field Artillery (Wigan)
    Gunner G. A. Biggs, Royal Field Artillery (Wandsworth, London)
    Lance Corporal W. Bigley, East Yorkshire Regiment (Jarrow)
    Lance Corporal J. E. Bilham, Royal Sussex Regiment (Norwich)
    Private J. Billington, York & Lancaster Regiment (Wombwell)
    Private B. C. Bingham, Royal Sussex Regiment (Brighton)
    Lance Corporal W. Bingham, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Crewe)
    Sergeant C. Birch, West Yorkshire Regiment (Burley)
    Sapper W. H. Birch, Royal Engineers (Glasgow)
    Corporal A. H. Bird, Gloucestershire Regiment (Cirencester)
    Private S. Bird, Cambridgeshire Regiment (Littleport)
    Private W. Bird, South Staffordshire Regiment (Bridgtown)
    SSO/C. J. Birks, Northumberland Fusiliers (Chesterton)
    Sergeant G. Birrell, Royal Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Corporal N. Birtles, Royal Field Artillery (Alderley Edge)
    Private L. Bishop, York & Lancaster Regiment (South Witham)
    Corporal D. Black, Irish Guards (Kilrueh, County Cork)
    Private J. Black, Border Regiment (Coundon)
    Private J. W. Blackburn, West Yorkshire Regiment (Rothwell)
    Private W. Blaikie, Machine Gun Corps (Berwick-on-Tweed)
    Private S. J. Blake, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Spital)
    Driver T. A. Blake, Royal Field Artillery (Bramshaw)
    Sergeant H. Blakeley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Leeds)
    Private E. Blease, Cheshire Regiment (Congleton)
    Private C. H. Blunden, Royal Sussex Regiment (Walderton)
    Sergeant W. Blunt, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Handsworth)
    Private W. Blythe, Coldstream Guards (Manley, Helsby)
    Lance Corporal C. Boardman, South Staffordshire Regiment (Hednesford)
    Private J. Boardman, Border Regiment (Manchester)
    Lance Corporal D. Boath, Royal Engineers (E. Dundee)
    Private F. E. Bocock, Norfolk Regiment (Louth)
    Private E. Body, Lincolnshire Regiment (Coleby)
    Sapper J. J. Boeg, Royal Engineers (Westbourne Park)
    Sergeant G. Bolton, Gordon Highlanders (Blackburn)
    Sergeant W. J. Bolton, Hampshire Regiment (Micheldever)
    Private B. Bond, Grenadier Guards (Stone)
    Gunner W. Bone, Royal Field Artillery (Durham)
    Corporal W. Boniface, Royal Sussex Regiment (Seaford)
    Driver M. Bonnallo, Royal Field Artillery (Nottingham)
    Private M. C. Bonnar, Army Service Corps (Paisley)
    Private W. Bonner, Royal Army Medical Corps (Derry)
    Private F. J. Bond, Devonshire Regiment (Coombe Martin)
    Private J. Boocock, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Halifax)
    Lance Corporal E. Booth, West Riding Regiment (Halifax)
    Acting Bombardier J. Booth, Royal Field Artillery (Windhill, Bradford)
    Private J. Booth, Machine Gun Guards (Tarnworth)
    Private J. H. Booth, Lancashire Fusiliers (Whitefield)
    Private M. E. Booth, Coldstream Guards (Upper Holloway, London)
    Private L. R. B. Booth, Liverpool Regiment (Manchester)
    Driver T. Booth, Royal Field Artillery (Macclesfield)
    Lance Corporal H. Boshier, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Reading)
    Private G. W. Boswell, Army Service Corps (St. Clements)
    Lance Sergeant N. A. Bott, Suffolk Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private R. Bottomley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Leeds)
    Driver J. Boughton, Royal Field Artillery (Barnes)
    Sergeant H. Bourne, Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Private S. F. Bourne, Royal Army Medical Corps (Canterbury)
    Sergeant N. J. Bournes, Yorkshire Regiment (Rochester)
    Private C. Bouttell, Royal Army Medical Corps (Hackney)
    Corporal G. A. Bowen, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Lance Corporal E. C. Bower, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Corporal H. Bower, Royal Army Medical Corps (Sheffield)
    Lance Corporal W. Bowkett, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Cheltenham)
    Private J. W. Bown, Leicestershire Regiment (Mansfield)
    Private J. W. Boxall, Bedfordshire Regiment (Petworth)
    Private F. H. Boyer, Royal Army Medical Corps (Newton Abbot)
    Private W. Boys, Royal Army Medical Corps (Liverpool)
    Private H. Bradbury, Liverpool Regiment (Manchester)
    Private J. Bradbury, Manchester Regiment (Salford)
    Private E. E. Bradfield, Somerset Light Infantry (Bath)
    Sergeant C. Bradshaw, Leicestershire Regiment (Coalville)
    Lance Corporal R. Bragg, Border Regiment (Halliwell)
    Sapper J. Braid, Royal Engineers (Edinburgh)
    Private S. J. Brain, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Private L. Brame, Coldstream Guards (Gainsborough)
    Lance Corporal G. S. Brampton, Honourable Artillery Company (Westcliff-on-Sea)
    Gunner E. D. Branch, Royal Garrison Artillery (Slingham)
    Private A. A. Brawn, Royal Army Medical Corps (Wellingborough)
    Private F. A. Brearley, London Regiment (Buiwell)
    Private C. Breen, Lancashire Fusiliers (Salford)
    Private J. Breheny, Yorkshire Regiment (South Shields)
    Lance Sergeant A. Bremner, Gordon Highlanders (Caithness)
    Private J. K. Brennan, Durham Light Infantry (Quebec)
    Private H. Bridger, Royal West Kent Regiment (Worthing)
    Corporal T. J. Bridges, Worcestershire Regiment (Kidderminster)
    Private J. Bridle, Royal West Kent Regiment (Acton)
    Private G. Briggs, Border Regiment (Irlam)
    Sergeant H. Briggs, Royal Field Artillery (Lewes)
    Private T. W. Briggs, Lancashire Fusiliers (Batley)
    Bombardier W. Brigge, Royal Field Artillery (Bradford)
    Corporal R. Brightmore, Royal Engineers (Hulme)
    Private S. J. Brighton, Suffolk Regiment (St. Peters, Suffolk)
    Gunner W. Brigstock, Royal Field Artillery (Shoreditch, London)
    Sergeant H. J. Brimble, Royal Field Artillery (Waiworth)
    Corporal S. Bristow, Royal Army Medical Corps (Atherstone)
    Private D. Brittain, Royal West Kent Regiment (Deptford)
    Private F. Britton, Royal West Kent Regiment (Kennington)
    Driver J. A. Brixton, Royal Engineers (Cardiff)
    Sergeant G. F. Broadrick, Royal Field Artillery (Doncaster)
    Sergeant R. E. Brockbank, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Camforth)
    Private F. Brooker, Middlesex Regiment (Highgate)
    Sergeant J. Brooker, Royal Field Artillery (Acton, London)
    Lance Sergeant R. Brooker, Coldstream Guards (Peckham, London)
    Private C. H. Brooks, Manchester Regiment (Swindon)
    Sapper F. W. Brooks, Royal Engineers (Burslem)
    Private G. J. Brooks, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Belvedere)
    Sapper J. Brooks, Royal Engineers (Derby)
    Private R. J. Brooks, Norfolk Regiment (Hickling)
    Private R. J. Brooks, Coldstream Guards (Hafbury)
    Lance Corporal J. Brough, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Clay Cross)
    Lance Corporal P. W. Broughton, Royal West Kent Regiment (Tottenham)
    Lance Corporal A. Brown, Seaforth Highlanders (Cowdenbeath)
    Sergeant A. G. Brown, Labour Corps (Borough, London)
    Lance Corporal B. Brown, Devonshire Regiment (Halberton)
    Private G. Brown, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Bedford)
    Driver F. J. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (Willesden, London)
    Lance Sergeant G. Brown, East Surrey Regiment (Rotherlnthe, London)
    Sergeant G. E. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (Upper Tooting, London)
    Sergeant H. H. Brown, Royal Garrison Artillery (Weymouth)
    Private J. Brown, Scots Guards (Buckhaven)
    L.C. J. H. Brown, Hampshire Regiment (Linkenhorne, Cornwall)
    Lance Corporal T. Brown, Royal Engineers (Mumbles)
    Sapper W. Brown, Royal Engineers (Worcester)
    Pioneer W. H. Brown, Royal Engineers (Leeds)
    Private T. Broxholme, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Louth)
    Private W. A. Bruce, London Regiment (King's Cross, London)
    Acting Corporal W. Brueton, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private S. Brummit, West Riding Regiment (Dalton)
    Sergeant E. A. Bryant, Norfolk Regiment (Diss)
    Sergeant F. Bryant, Lincolnshire Regiment (Lincoln)
    Sapper W. A. Bryant, Royal Engineers (Coulsdon)
    Corporal H. Bryden, West Riding Regiment (Barnoldswick)
    Corporal A. Buchan, Royal Scots (Bathgate)
    Private F. T. G. Buchanan, Royal Army Medical Corps (East Ham)
    Bombardier J. Buchanan, Royal Field Artillery (Glasgow)
    Private A. Buckley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Shaw)
    Private W. Buckley, West Riding Regiment (Houley)
    Private F. Bullivant, Worcestershire Regiment (Rastrick)
    Lance Corporal P. C. L. H. Bulmer, Royal Engineers (Halifax)
    Private G. E. Bunce, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Handsworth)
    Private H. Bunyan, Leicestershire Regiment (Luton)
    Private J. Burbidge, Royal Army Medical Corps (Doncaster)
    Private P. Burchmore, Northumberland Fusiliers (Stockton-on-Tees)
    Sergeant E. S. Burke, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Peckham, London)
    Sergeant J. Burke, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Private J. F. Burke, North Staffordshire Regiment (Hanley)
    Private L. Burke, West Riding Regiment (Kigh
    Private T. Burke, Liverpool Regiment (New York)
    Sergeant T. Burkhill, West Yorkshire Regiment (Coxwold)
    Private A. V. Burns, Coldstream Guards (Bexhill)
    Private J. W. Burrough, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Driver T. Burns, Royal Field Artillery (Bradford)
    Private A. O. Burton, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Neath)
    Private C. Burton, Royal Army Medical Corps (West Hartlepool)
    Private H. Burton, Royal Army Medical Corps (Hunslet)
    Sergeant S. Bury, Royal Field Artillery (Moffat, N.B.)
    Driver E. A. Bustard, Royal Field Artillery (Denmark Hill, London)
    Private A. E. Butler, Coldstream Guards (Whitechapel, London)
    Corporal A. H. Butler, Royal Berkshire Regiment (Newbury)
    Private C. H. T. Butler, Machine Gun Corps (Langky)
    Gunner J. Butler, Royal Field Artillery (S. Ealing, London)
    Private T. Butler, Middlesex Regiment (Sunderland)
    Sapper J. Buttle, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Private S. V. Button, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Sergeant W. Caddick, Royal Garrison Artillery (Coseley)
    Private P. Cage, East Surrey Regiment (Supeston)
    Private E. Cahill, Royal West Kent Regiment (Deptford)
    Corporal C. E. Calver, Suffolk Regiment (Dennington)
    Gunner H. Cameron, Royal Garrison Artillery (Lochfyne)
    Bombardier M. S. Camp, Royal Field Artillery (Berk, Hampsted)
    Corporal A. Campbell, Gordon Highlanders (S. America)
    Staff Sergeant Corporal J. Campbell, Royal Field Artillery ( (Renfrew)
    Lance Corporal W. Campbell, Gordon Highlanders (Rinton)
    Private E. P. Campion, West Riding Regiment (Manchester)
    Gunner W. Candlin, Royal Field Artillery (Worcester)
    Gunner M. Cannel, Royal Field Artillery (Kilburh, London)
    Sergeant H. Cannon, Royal Field Artillery (Lancaster)
    Sapper J. Cantwell, Royal Engineers (Clonmel)
    Lance Corporal E. T. Cape, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (N. Kensington)
    Private A. Capewell, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Heath Town)
    Private J. Capp, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Brighton)
    Sergeant J. H. Carlin, Cameron Highlanders (Tendon)
    Private J. Carr, Durham Light Infantry (Spennymoor)
    Sapper J. Q. Carroll Royal Engineers (Sykes Holt)
    Private H. Carter, Lincolnshire Regiment (Louth)
    Lance Corporal O. R. Cartwright Lincolnshire Regiment (Louth)
    Lance Corporal G. H. Cartwright, South Staffordshire Regiment (Bloxwich)
    Lance Corporal J. E. Carver, Dorsetshire Regiment (Wavertree)
    Corporal W. H. Cash, Royal Field Artillery (Walsall)
    Gunner W. J. Cash, Royal Field Artillery (Denmark Hill, London)
    Lance Corporal W. Casley, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (St. Just)
    Private V. S. Cassarley, West Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Private W. Cassidy, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Lance Corporal E. Casson, Royal Engineers (Lowick)
    Bombardier J. Casson, Royal Field Artillery (Portobello)
    Sergeant A. E. Castle, Royal Field Artillery (Stamford Street, London)
    Private F. Castle, West Riding Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Bombardier C. Caswell, Royal Marine Field Artillery (Wolverhampton)
    Private J. Cathey, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Corporal J. S. Catley, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Private W. W. Cattell, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Deanshanger)
    Sergeant J. W. Catterrall, East Lancashire Regiment (Haslingden)
    Sergeant C. Cavanagh, Gordon Highlanders (Maud)
    Lance Corporal E. Cave, Suffolk Regiment (Chatteris)
    Sergeant W. E. Cave, Northumberland Fusiliers (Sheffield)
    Private J. Caulfield, West Riding Regiment (Keighleigh)
    Private A. Cawkwell, Machine Gun Corps (Four Stones)
    Private J. Chadwick, Manchester Regiment (Wigan)
    Lance Sergeant F. E. Chamberlain, Coldstream Guards (Upton Park, London)
    Private F. Chandler, Royal Sussex Regiment (Petworth)
    Sergeant A. Chapman, Royal Engineers (Leeds)
    Private H. Chapman, Grenadier Guards (Hintmore)
    Private J. Chard, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Gunner E. Chapman, Royal Field Artillery (Epping)
    Private J. H. Charlton, Machine Gun Corps (Euston Square, London)
    Private M. Charlton, Coldstream Guards (Elswick)
    Private W. Charlton, West Yorkshire Regiment (Sunderland)
    Sergeant W. Chatterley, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Private A. Cheshire, Coldstream Guards (Widnes)
    Acting Sergeant T. W. Chesson, Royal West Kent Regiment (Edenbridge)
    Corporal A. E. Chew, Royal Field Artillery (Portsmouth)
    Corporal H. Childs, Machine Gun Corps (Newmarket)
    Private H. Childs, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment
    Wheeler-Corporal W. J. Childs, Royal Field Artillery (Seaham Harbour)
    Sergeant J. A. Christopher, Lincolnshire Regiment (Grimsby)
    Private W. Church, Royal Army Medical Corps (Birmingham)
    Private C. A. Clare, Norfolk Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Company (Watford)
    Sergeant H. J. Claridge, Royal Field Artillery (Southleigh)
    Lance Corporal C. Clark, East Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Private C. C. Clark, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Croydon)
    Sergeant E. W. T. Clark, Royal Field Artillery (Princes Risboro)
    Private F. Clark, Lincolnshire Regiment (Wisbech)
    Private F. G. Clark, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bristol)
    Bombardier G. Clark, Royal Field Artillery (Auckenleck)
    Sergeant G. Clark, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Atherstone)
    Private G. H. Clark, Royal Sussex Regiment (Brighton)
    Gunner T. Clark, Royal Field Artillery (Leeds)
    Private J. H. Clark, Bedfordshire Regiment (Buntingford)
    Corporal R. Clarke, Border Regiment (Coventry) (Leeds)
    Private G. Clarke, South Staffordshire Regiment (Leicester)
    Sergeant H. Clarke, Royal Field Artillery (Wigan)
    Sergeant J. W. Clarke, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Private S. H. Clarke, Suffolk Regiment (Ipswich)
    Gunner T. Clarke, Royal Field Artillery (Tipton)
    Private T. W. Clarke, Royal Scots (Rotherham)
    Corporal W. Clarke, Army Service Corps (Stratford-on-Avon)
    Private W. Clarke, Coldstream Guards (Glazebury)
    Corporal W. Clarke, Royal Field Artillery (Dunmow)
    Lance Corporal F. Clay, Devonshire Regiment (Southsea)
    Private A. Clayton, Coldstream Guards (Wakefield)
    Private W. G. Cleeve, Hampshire Regiment (Bishop Waltham)
    Driver W. H. Cleaver, Royal Field Artillery (Bow, London)
    Corporal F. M. Clegg, Coldstream Guards (Eastrickley)
    Private H. Clegg, Grenadier Guards (Accrington)
    Private F. W. Clements, York & Lancaster Regiment (Walkley)
    Sergeant A. Cliff, Lincolnshire Regiment (Lincoln)
    Private W. Cliff, Royal Army Medical Corps (Barnsley)
    Corporal C. G. Clifford, Royal Engineers (Mickley)
    Private G. Clifton, Royal West Kent Regiment (Holesworth)
    Bombardier F. T. Clinch, Royal Field Artillery (Brentford)
    Private J. Chapman, Border Regiment (Keswick)
    Private J. Clough, Northumberland Fusiliers (Low Walker)
    Private A. W. Clow, Suffolk Regiment (Holbrook)
    Private V. A. Clow, Devonshire Regiment (Exeter)
    Private W. D. Clowes, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Sutton-in-Ashfield)
    Sergeant T. Cobner, Labour Corps (Pontnewydd, Mon.)
    Private A. H. F. Cochrane, Gordon Highlanders (Irvine)
    Private W. Cochrane, Gordon Highlanders (Dundee)
    Private J. J. Coffey, Yorkshire Light Infantry (South Elmsall)
    Driver S. Cohen, Royal Field Artillery (Shoreditch, London)
    Private N. C. Cole, West Riding Regiment (Mossley) (Chesterfield)
    Private T. Collier, Manchester Regiment (Failsworth)
    Private F. P. L. Coles, Hampshire Regiment (North Waltham)
    Bombardier W. H. Coles, Royal Field Artillery (Northampton)
    Driver J. Christie, Royal Field Artillery (Saltcoats, N.B.)
    Private E. College, Yorkshire Regiment (Murton Colliery)
    Sapper W. J. Collett, Royal Engineers (Burton-on-Trent)
    Lance Corporal H. J. Collier, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Uttoxeter)
    Private T. W. Collier, Royal Scots (New Zealand)
    Private T. Collier, Manchester Regiment (Failsworth)
    Private J. Collins, Devonshire Regiment (Barnstaple)
    Private T. Collier, Coldstream Guards (Tonge Moor)
    Captain C. H. Colls, Northumberland Fusiliers (Stechford)
    Lance Corporal J. Collins, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Acting Sergeant A. F. Connelly, Machine Gun Corps (Shoreditch)
    Lance Corporal C. Connolly, Royal Engineers (Omagh)
    Sergeant J. Connelly, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Greenock)
    Private S. Constable, Worcestershire Regiment (Willenhall)
    Private H. Constantine, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Sheffield)
    Corporal T. Constantine, West Riding Regiment (Clapham)
    Sergeant M. Conway, Worcestershire Regiment (Kidderminster)
    Sergeant T. Conway, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Driver A. A. Cook, Royal Field Artillery (Plumstead, London)
    Private E. Cook, Honourable Artillery Company (Chelsea)
    Private T. Cook, Durham Light Infantry (Wingate)
    Sergeant T. Cooke, Royal Field Artillery (Eastbridge)
    Corporal W. Coombs, Royal Field Artillery (Old Kent Road, London)
    Gunner A. Cooper, Royal Field Artillery (Darwen)
    Private A. A. Cooper, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Avon Dasset)
    Private M. F. Cooper, Royal Army Medical Corps (Ramsgate)
    Lance Corporal R. J. Cooper, Royal Army Medical Corps (Leeds)
    Corporal T. Cooper, Machine Gun Corps (Holbeck)
    Sergeant R. Cooper, Hampshire Regiment (Winkfield)
    Sergeant W. C. Cooper, Royal Engineers (Brading, Isle of Wight)
    Corporal W. H. Cooper, Royal Engineers (Blackburn)
    Sergeant A. R. Cordingley, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Chatham)
    Corporal H. Cordwell, Border Regiment (Manchester)
    Private F. Corker, Cheshire Regiment (Northwich)
    Private G. Cormack, Seaforth Highlanders (Alness)
    Gunner C. Corrigan, Royal Garrison Artillery (Wexford)
    Private F. Cosgrove, Cameron Highlanders (Dundee)
    Sapper H. Cosgrove, Royal Engineers (Morestead)
    Driver M. Costello, Royal Field Artillery (E. Dublin)
    Private E. Coulton, Grenadier Guards (Lower Ince)
    Private J. Cowell, Labour Corps (East Ham, London)
    Private W. Cowlard, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Oxted)
    Sergeant J. Cowles, South Staffordshire Regiment (West Bromwich)
    Sergeant A. L. Cox, Grenadier Guards (London)
    Private E. H. Cox, Suffolk Regiment (Outwell)
    Gunner P. S. Cox, Royal Garrison Artillery (Ashby-de-la-Zouch)
    Private W. Cox, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Gunner J. Coyle, Royal Field Artillery (Southampton)
    Lance Corporal G. E. Crack, Royal Engineers (Harrow)
    Driver G. F. Cracknell, Royal Field Artillery (Kilburn, London)
    Sergeant C. T. Craddock, South Staffordshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Corporal P. Craig, Royal Highlanders (Pirnmill, Arran)
    Private A. Craik, Royal Highlanders (Brechin)
    Lance Corporal C. W. Craker, Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Private M. Crampton, West Riding Regiment (Golcar)
    Bombardier H. Cranham, Royal Field Artillery (Liverpool)
    Driver J. Crawford, Royal Field Artillery (Edinburgh)
    Private H. S. Cribb, Northumberland Fusiliers (Fishbourne)
    Corporal R. Cristie, Royal Army Medical Corps (Glasgow)
    Private R. J. E. Crosland, Royal Army Medical Corps (Todmorden)
    Sergeant W. F. Cross, Royal Field Artillery (Walworth, S.B.)
    Driver A. E. Cross, Royal Field Artillery (Battersea, London)
    Lance Corporal G. E. Crouchen, Machine Gun Corps (Fritton)
    Lance Corporal W. H. Croucher, Royal Engineers (Dartford)
    Private J. Cruickshanks, Royal Scots (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant F. Cryer, West Riding Regiment (Keighley)
    Private R. Cude, East Kent Regiment (Wandsworth, London)
    Private A. Culley, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Bombardier W. Cummings, Royal Field Artillery (Seaton Delaval)
    Lance Corporal S. Cunliffe, Machine Gun Corps (Eagley)
    Sapper F. W. Cunningham, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Sapper J. A. Cunningham, Royal Engineers (Willesden, London)
    Sergeant R. Curry, Machine Gun Guards (Hemsworth)
    Private B. A. Curtis, Norfolk Regiment (Beccles)
    Private T. R. Curtis, Lincolnshire Regiment (Lincoln)
    Private W. G. Curtis, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Beachampton)
    Sergeant W. Cusack, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Manchester)
    Gunner W. J. Cutler, Royal Field Artillery (King's Heath)
    Private E. D. Cutts, Norfolk Regiment (Fakenham)
    Sergeant F. H. D. Dack, Norfolk Regiment (Nordelph)
    Private M. K. Dady, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Wendover)
    Private R. Daglish, Durham Light Infantry (Lancaster)
    Private J. Dakin, Shropshire Light Infantry (Maccleefield)
    Lance Corporal H. Daley, Seaforth Highlanders (Manchester)
    Bombardier R. S. Dalley, Royal Field Artillery (Northam)
    Gunner J. Daly, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cork)
    Gunner P. Darcy, Royal Field Artillery (Higginstown)
    Sapper H. J. Davenport, Royal Engineers (Thronford)
    Sergeant J. Davenport, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Aston)
    Private W. A. Davey, Lincolnshire Regiment (Appleby)
    Sergeant R. Davidson, Gordon Highlanders (Peterculter)
    Gunner W. S. Davidson, Royal Field Artillery (Edinburgh)
    Sergeant R. Davie, Royal Scots (Edinburgh)
    Private A. Davies, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bolton)
    Private G. Davies, Hampshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private J. Davies, Shropshire Light Infantry (Cleobury Mortimer)
    Lance Sergeant B. Davis, Royal West Kent Regiment (Poplar)
    Sapper B. H. Davis, Royal Engineers (Tewkesbury)
    Private W. E. Davison, T. R. Battalion, attd. Machine Gun Corps (South Emsall)
    Private C. J. Dawes, Royal Sussex Regiment (Hertford)
    Sergeant T. W. Dawson, Royal Garrison Artillery (New Shieldon)
    Lance Corporal S. W. Day, Suffolk Regiment (Ipswich)
    Private J. Dean, Liverpool Regiment (Short Heath)
    Private R. H. Dean, Grenadier Guards (Hanley, Staffs.)
    Lance Corporal V. E. T. Deeprose, Royal Sussex Regiment (Westham)
    Gunner C. T. Deighton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Driver F. Dellow, Royal Field Artillery (Barkway)
    Driver R. Dempster, Royal Field Artillery (Port Glasgow)
    Corporal E. Denison, Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Lance Corporal M. S. S. Dennett, Royal Sussex Regiment (Eastbourne)
    Sergeant T. K. Dennis, Leicestershire Regiment (Donisthorpe)
    Gunner P. C. Desborough, Royal Garrison Artillery (Burton-Laysars)
    Sergeant A. Dey, King's Own Scottish Borderers (E. Aberdeen)
    Private S. E. Dicken, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private J. Dickenson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Lemington-on-Tyne)
    Lance Corporal J. Dickie, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Penicuik)
    Sergeant G. Dickson, Seaforth Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Gunner G. L. Diggins, Royal Field Artillery (Kilburn, London)
    Lance Corporal A. Dignam, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Private J. Dillon, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Coatbridge)
    Lance Corporal F. Dinnage, Machine Gun Corps. (Hurstpierpoint)
    Private A. W. Dix, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Pangbourne)
    Lance Corporal M. Dixon, Shropshire Light Infantry (Gelli Rhondda)
    Acting Corporal R. Dixon, Lancashire Fusiliers (Heywood)
    Private T. A. Dixon, Suffolk Regiment (Rivershead)
    Lance Corporal V. Dixon, West Riding Regiment (Haworth)
    Private H. Dobbs, Coldstream Guards (Dronfield)
    Corporal Wheeler E. Dobson, Royal Field Artillery (Tyne Dock)
    Private F. Docherty, West Riding Regiment (Halifax)
    Sapper W. G. Dodd, Royal Engineers (Lavendon)
    Private W. Dodds, Seaforth Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Lance Corporal W. Dodds, Durham Light Infantry (Gateshead)
    S. Smith Corporal W. B. Dodds, Royal Field Artillery (Gateshead)
    Private G. E. Doe, Royal West Kent Regiment (Redgrave, Diss)
    Private C. Doherty, Irish Guards (Derrybeg)
    Private H. Doherty, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bolton)
    Sergeant H. Dolby, Royal Engineers (Peterboro)
    Private W. Donaldson, Gordon Highlanders (Montrose)
    Private A. E. Donbavand, Shropshire Light Infantry (Stockport)
    Bombardier H. Donbavand, Royal Field Artillery (Stockport)
    Lance Corporal J. Donelly, Royal Scots (Bellsquarry, Calder)
    Driver D. Donkin, Royal Engineers (Newbigg-in-by-Sea)
    Private J. Donnelly, Royal Army Medical Corps (Arklow)
    Private J. Donoghue, Devonshire Regiment (Castleton)
    Private J. Doolan, Irish Guards (Tullow, County Carlow)
    Private F. D. Douglas, Army Cyclist Corps (Bideford)
    Driver L. A. Doust, Royal Field Artillery (Westcliffe-on-Sea)
    Gunner L. J. Doust, Royal Garrison Artillery (Witton, Birmingham)
    Pioneer W. Dowding, Royal Engineers (E. Bath)
    Private T. Downes, Leicestershire Regiment (Market Harborough)
    Driver W. Downey, Royal Field Artillery (Athy)
    Private G. G. Downs, York & Lancaster Regiment (Hull)
    Corporal R. C. Doyle, Honourable Artillery Company (Trinidad)
    Lance Corporal F. J. Draper, Devonshire Regiment (Stratton St. Margaret)
    Lance Sergeant E. Drew, Machine Gun Corps (Cheltenham)
    Private G. Drew, Devonshire Regiment (Gittisham)
    Private P. Drinkwater, Grenadier Guards (Llangarren)
    Private J. Duff, Irish Guards (Skerries)
    Sergeant E. Duffy, Liverpool Regiment (Manchester)
    Private J. Duke, York & Lancaster Regiment (Rotherham)
    Lance Corporal R. Duke, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Stonehouse)
    Corporal J. F. Duley, Royal Field Artillery (Midhurst)
    Corporal F. Duncan, Royal Engineers (Tayport)
    Private H. Dunkley, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Towcester)
    Corporal G. Dunn, Yorkshire Regiment, attd. Trench Mortar Battery (Ferryhill)
    Private H. Dunn, North Staffordshire Regiment (Hanley)
    Corporal C. Dunning, South Wales Borderers (Nantyglo, Mon.)
    Private J. Dunningham, Royal Sussex Regiment (W. Bergholt)
    Sergeant J. A. Dunsmore, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Castlecary)
    2nd Corporal P. C. Durnford, Royal Engineers (Birkenhead)
    Private A. Dutiton, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Blackburn)
    Corporal A. Duxbury, Manchester Regiment (Blackpool)
    Private Lance Corporal G. Dyker, Gordon Highlanders (Auchendoer)
    Sergeant W. Eager, Royal Engineers (Llandudno)
    Private R. Eastwood, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Stacksteads)
    Private A. Easy, Suffolk Regiment (Downham Fen, Isle of Ely.)
    Private T. Edgar, Northumberland Fusiliers (Usworth)
    Sergeant J. Edge, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Birkenhead)
    Private A. G. Edwards, Durham Light Infantry (Petersfield)
    Private G. R. Edwards, South Staffordshire Regiment (Penkridge)
    Corporal H. J. Edwards, Royal Field Artillery (E. Dorchester)
    Private R. Edwards, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Lance Corporal T. Eccles, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Skerton)
    Lance Corporal W. Eley, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Sergeant H. F. Ellen, Royal Engineers (Tufnell Park)
    Lance Corporal J. Elliot, Royal Engineers (Edinburgh)
    Driver C. C. E. Elliott, Royal Field Artillery (Doncaster)
    Lance Corporal C. Ellis, Essex Regiment (Westcliff)
    Driver C. V. Ellis, Royal Field Artillery (Tottenham)
    Corporal F. B. Ellis, Northamptonshire Regiment (Kettering)
    Private H. E. Ellis, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Hyde)
    Sergeant J. Ellis, East Yorkshire Regiment (Bridlington)
    Sergeant L. Ellis, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Stoke-on-Trent)
    Private J. Ellwood, Bedfordshire Regiment (Cambridge)
    Lance Corporal W. Elphick, Royal Sussex Regiment (Herstmonceux)
    Lance Corporal E. E. Emery, Military Foot Police (South-sea)
    Driver E. England, Royal Field Artillery (Allerton by Water)
    Private R. A. England, Grenadier Guards (West Buckland)
    Private F. Entwistle, Royal Army Medical Corps (Oswaldtwistle)
    Lance Corporal D. L. Evans, Royal Engineers (Southport)
    Private E. J. Evans, Dorsetshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Sergeant H. H. Evans, Royal Field Artillery (Newport, Mon.)
    Private H. S. Evans, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Ruabon)
    Sergeant H. V. Evans, West Yorkshire Regiment (Fenton)
    Lance Corporal J. L. Evans, Royal Engineers (Caerphilly)
    Private R. W. Evans, Liverpool Regiment (Port Dinorwic)
    Private S. Evans, Gloucestershire Regiment (Dumbleton)
    Driver S. Evans, Royal Field Artillery (Bangor)
    Sergeant S. E. Evans, Worcestershire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private T. Evans, Cheshire Regiment (Middlesbrough)
    Private T. H. Evans, Irish Guards (Hammersmith, London)
    Sergeant W. Evans, Lancashire Fusiliers (E. Chesterfield)
    Gunner W. Evans, Royal Field Artillery (Ontario, Canada)
    Sergeant W. Evans, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Westanstowe)
    Sergeant R. C. Everett, Royal Field Artillery (Alderford)
    Sergeant R. C. Ewell, Grenadier Guards (Putney, London)
    Private G. A. Extall, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Arnold)
    Private C. P. Eyles, Devonshire Regiment (Walworth, London)
    Sergeant F. Fairclough, Royal Field Artillery (Darwen)
    Corporal J. Farley, Labour Corps (Bingley)
    Corporal I. H. Farmer, Royal Sussex Regiment (Heathfield)
    Private J. W. Farmery, Gordon Highlanders (Buttershaw)
    Corporal A. W. Farr, Hampshire Regiment (Bournemouth)
    Lance Corporal W. Farrow, Leicestershire Regiment (Nelson)
    Private B. Faulkner, Royal Sussex Regiment (Upton)
    Private S. Fearn, Royal Army Medical Corps (Birmingham)
    Private J. Feeney, Lancashire Fusiliers (Burnley)
    Corporal G. F. Fellows, Royal Field Artillery (Handsworth)
    Corporal H. C. Fells, Machine Gun Corps (Crofton Park)
    Private I. Fells, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (London)
    Sergeant H. G. Fenemore, Machine Gun Corps (Penge)
    Private E. Fenwick, Yorkshire Light Infantry (York)
    Driver W. G. Ferry, Royal Field Artillery (Bethnal Green, London)
    Private F. Fever, Royal West Kent Regiment (Maidstone)
    Sergeant C. W. Fewell, Machine Gun Corps (Chelmsford)
    Private C. F. Field, Royal Army Medical Corps (Horeham)
    Private E. Field, West Riding Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Private H. Field, West Riding Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Driver G. Y. Firth, Royal Field Artillery (Newton Heath)
    Driver R. Fisher, Royal Field Artillery (Bridgefoot)
    Private T. H. Fisher, Worcestershire Regiment (Cleeve)
    Private S. G. Fitch, Grenadier Guards (Great Wakering)
    Private M. J. Fitzgerald, Irish Guards (Kilteely, County Limerick)
    Private J. Flaherty, North Staffordshire Regiment (Batley)
    Private F. Fleming, Machine Gun Guards (Salisbury)
    Driver G. T. Fleming, Royal Field Artillery (Sunderland)
    Private J. Fleming, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Glen Craig)
    Sergeant N. Fleming, Royal Engineers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Private J. Fletcher, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (E. Whitehall)
    Private J. W. Fletcher, Lincolnshire Regiment (Crowland)
    Sergeant S. Flitcroft, West Riding Regiment (Halifax)
    Lance Sergeant E. Flynn, East Surrey Regiment (Streatham)
    Private J. C. Foale, Devonshire Regiment (Plymouth)
    Corporal T. Fogarty, Machine Gun Corps (Urlingford)
    Lance Corporal A. Forbes, Gordon Highlanders (Aberdeen)
    Private A. Ford, East Surrey Regiment (Ringwood)
    Sergeant A. Ford, Royal Field Artillery (Portsmouth)
    Lance Corporal R. H. Ford, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Shardlow)
    Lance Corporal A. Fordham, Suffolk Regiment (Cambridge)
    Lance Corporal E. J. Foreman, Lancashire Fusiliers (Stockton-on-Tees)
    Sapper J. Forrest, Royal Engineers (Edinburgh)
    Private R. Forster, Coldstream Guards (Bridport)
    Private J. Forsyth, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Coatbridge)
    Driver F. Foster, Royal Field Artillery (E. Norbury)
    Private H. S. Foster, Royal Army Medical Corps (Wood Green)
    Corporal J. Foster, Royal Field Artillery (New Cleethorpes)
    Sergeant W. Foster, West Riding Regiment (Oldham)
    Private A. Fotheringham, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Perth)
    Gunner A. Foulkes, Royal Field Artillery (Four Crosses)
    Private T. Foulkes, Machine Gun Corps (Hulme)
    Lance Corporal C. Fowler, Royal Sussex Regiment (Brighton)
    Corporal W. Fowler, Hertfordshire Regiment (Hemel Hempstead)
    Private R. J. Fox, Royal Scots (E. Everton)
    Private T. Fox, Manchester Regiment (Heywood)
    Corporal W. Foy, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Kirkintilloch)
    Sergeant E. A. Framp, London Regiment (East Dulwich)
    Private W. L. Francis, Royal Army Medical Corps (Woodford)
    Private F. Frank, Royal Army Medical Corps (Hull)
    Private T. Frankum, South Staffordshire Regiment (Reading)
    Lance Corporal E. Fredricksen, West Riding Regiment (Keighley)
    Sapper F. Freeman, Royal Engineers (Camberwell)
    Lance Corporal H. A. French, Royal Army Medical Corps (Ashburton)
    Private R. W. French, Northumberland Fusiliers (Trimdon Grange)
    Private E. Frost, West Riding Regiment (Bradford)
    Private F. Frost, West Riding Regiment (East Dereham)
    Corporal G. Frost, Royal Field Artillery (Norwich)
    Private J. T. Frost, Leicestershire Regiment (Northampton)
    Sergeant R. J. Frost, Hampshire Regiment (Alton)
    Sapper R. J. Fry, Royal Engineers (Plymouth)
    Private M. Furlong, Irish Guards (Killinick)
    Private Petty Officer C. Furze, East Surrey Regiment (Lambeth, London)
    Private H. W. Gaby, Lancashire Fusiliers (Edgware Road, London)
    Sergeant S. Gaines, Royal Field Artillery (Ilkley)
    Private J. Galbraith, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Ayr)
    Private A. Galer, A.B.C. (Paddington)
    Private B. W. Gallop, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Horfield)
    Corporal J. W. Gamble, Yorkshire Regiment (Guisboro-Cleveland)
    Private J. Gardiner, Lancashire Fusiliers (Blackburn)
    Corporal F. Gardner, Royal Army Medical Corps (W. Kensington)
    Lance Corporal W. Gardner, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Birmingham)
    Private C. Garland, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Stourbridge)
    Lance Corporal J. Garland, Lincolnshire Regiment (Sutton-on-Trent)
    Sapper J. Garner, Royal Engineers (Fennoy)
    Driver W. Garner, Royal Field Artillery (Leicester)
    Private G. F. Garratt, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Derby)
    Private H. Garratt, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Atherstone)
    Corporal C. R. Garrett, Royal Army Medical Corps (Eastleigh)
    Private J. Gaskell, Lancashire Fusiliers (Middleton Junction)
    Corporal H. Gasson, Royal Engineers (St. Leonards-on-Sea)
    Lance Corporal J. R. Gates, South Staffordshire Regiment (Hednesford)
    Corporal W. J. Gates, Royal Field Artillery (Kentish Town, London)
    Acting Bombardier D. H. Gavin, Royal Field Artillery (Birmingham)
    Sergeant J. W. Gaze, Leicestershire Regiment (Rearsby)
    Corporal H. J. Geary, Machine Gun Corps (Farnboro)
    Private W. Geary, Middlesex Regiment (Ringwood)
    Private H. Gee, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Staveley)
    Corporal H. T. Geere, Royal Engineers (Hove)
    Private H. Geeves, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Houghton)
    Lance Corporal J. S. Gelling, Royal Engineers (Onsham, Isle of Man)
    Gunner C. H. George, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Driver H. Gething, Royal Field Artillery (Brixton Hill, London)
    Private G. Gibb, Leicestershire Regiment (Nuneaton)
    Gunner E. Gibberd, Royal Field Artillery (Bournemouth)
    Sergeant F. Gibbs, Machine Gun Corps (Ampthill)
    Sergeant E. Gibson, Royal Engineers (Birmingham)
    Sergeant J. Gibson, Royal Field Artillery (Keighley)
    Gunner W. H. Gibson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Bedlington)
    Lance Corporal D. Gilfillan, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (St. Ninians)
    Sergeant A. Gill, Royal Field Artillery (Hull)
    Private A. Gill, Cheshire Regiment (Stockport)
    Driver W. E. Gill, Royal Field Artillery (Burnley)
    Private J. Gillan, Yorkshire Regiment (North (Ormesby)
    Corporal M. Given, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Corporal D. Gladwell, Royal Field Artillery (East Ham)
    Trooper W. A. Glass, Household Battalion (Acton)
    Sergeant A. Glaze, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Croydon)
    Sergeant E. Gledhill, York & Lancaster Regiment (Pogmoor)
    Acting Corporal J. Glen, Royal West Kent Regiment (Beckenham)
    Private W. Glen, Seaforth Highlanders (Arbroath)
    Private J. G. Godden, Royal West Kent Regiment (Edmonton)
    Sapper W. E. Godfrey, Royal Engineers (Bristol)
    Private W. H. Godfrey, Royal Warwickshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Company (Fulham, London)
    Gunner W. H. J. Godfrey, Royal Field Artillery (S. Woodford)
    Sergeant S. F. Godley, Royal Field Artillery (Peckham)
    Private C. E. Golden, Royal Army Medical Corps (Homefield)
    Private E. Golding, Military Foot Police (Bensham)
    Corporal C. Goldsby, Royal Field Artillery (Birmingham)
    Private T. G. Goldsmith, Army Cyclist Corps (Tufnell Park)
    Private E. Gomme, Gloucestershire Regiment (Gravesend)
    Lance Corporal W. G. Goodacre, Rifle Brigade (Stapleford)
    Lance Corporal J. Goodenough, Royal Berkshire Regiment (Wallingford)
    Private A. Gooderham, Suffolk Regiment (Bury St. Edmunds)
    Sapper C. W. Goodridge, Royal Engineers (Salisbury)
    Driver S. W. Goodyer, Royal Field Artillery (Islington, London)
    Private M. N. Goold, Army Service Corps (Worcester, U.S.A.)
    Sergeant T. R. Goring, Royal Field Artillery (Clapton, London)
    Driver A. Gorman, Royal Field Artillery (Plumstead, London)
    Private F. Gough, Machine Gun Corps (South-Molton)
    Lance Sergeant P. J. Goult, Honourable Artillery Company (Wanstead)
    Gunner J. Goward, Royal Field Artillery (New Tredegar)
    Lance Sergeant A. C. Grabham, Devonshire Regiment (Tylorstown)
    Private M. Grace, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Nenagh)
    Private H. Graham, West Riding Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Sergeant T. Grain, Royal Garrison Artillery (London)
    Sergeant E. Grainger, Coldstream Guards (Tadby)
    Sergeant R. Grange, Royal Engineers (Ballyclare)
    Private J. Grant, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Sergeant M. Grant, Cameron Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Private T. Graves, Highland Light Infantry (Govan)
    Corporal A. Gray, Royal Field Artillery (Glasgow)
    Private C. S. Gray, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Rochdale)
    Lance Corporal H. A. Gray, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Canning Town)
    Petty Officer R. A. Gray, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Gateshead-on-Tyne)
    Corporal S. G. Gray, Royal West Kent Regiment (Battersea)
    Sergeant W. Gray, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Beith)
    Corporal A. Green, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bromyard)
    Private C. H. Green, Coldstream Guards (Gillingham)
    Corporal E. Green, East Surrey Regiment (Chorley Wood)
    Gunner G. Green, Royal Field Artillery (Dover)
    Private G. Green, West Riding Regiment (Brierley Hill)
    Corporal H. Green, York & Lancaster Regiment (Rotherham)
    Bombardier P. Green, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cardiff)
    Private T. A. Green, Lincolnshire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private W. E. Green, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Normanton)
    Corporal W. H. Green, Northamptonshire Regiment (Rothwell)
    Private J. Greenlaw, Durham Light Infantry (New Washington)
    Sapper F. Greenwood, Royal Engineers (Hawksclough)
    Gunner W. Greenwood, Royal Garrison Artillery (Bunley)
    Driver H. Gregg, Royal Field Artillery (Bethnal Green)
    Gunner L. L. Gregory, Royal Field Artillery (West Croydon)
    Private T. Gregson, Liverpool Regiment (Saskatchewan)
    Corporal A. Grieve, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Auchtermuchty)
    Private D. Grieve, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Glasgow)
    Private W. Grieve, Gordon Highlanders (Motherwell)
    Private E. Griffin, Machine Gun Corps (E. Bedminster)
    2nd Corporal E. A. Griffin, Royal Engineers (Greet)
    Sergeant W. Grimes, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Lancaster)
    Private H. Grindley, Grenadier Guards (Tarvin)
    Lance Corporal W. R. Grose, Devonshire Regiment (St. Austell)
    Private J. W. Grundy, Hampshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Private J. T. Guest, Liverpool Regiment (Dudley)
    Lance Corporal G. H. Guildford, Royal Sussex Regiment (Brighton)
    Driver J. A. Gulley, Royal Field Artillery (Dewsbury)
    Corporal J. Gunter, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Bristol)
    Sergeant A. H. Gunton, Royal Engineers (Queens Park, London)
    Corporal F. W. Gurr, London Regiment (Clapham)
    Private A. Guthrie, Northumberland Fusiliers (Walker-on-Tyne)
    Lance Corporal R. Guttridge, Royal Sussex Regiment (Hastings)
    Corporal G. T. Gwilt, Royal Army Medical Corps (Wolverhampton)
    Private A. Hadcroft, Coldstream Guards (Haslingden)
    Sergeant W. G. Hagger, Royal Field Artillery (Bromley, London)
    Sergeant A. Hall, Royal Field Artillery (Southwark, London)
    Gunner J. R. Hall, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Private J. T. Hall, Machine Gun Corps (Shoppington)
    Private N. A. Hall, West Yorkshire Regiment (King's Cross, London)
    Sergeant R. W. Hall, York & Lancaster Regiment (Washington)
    Private T. Hall, South Staffordshire Regiment, attd. Royal Engineers (Wednesbury)
    Lance Corporal L. A. Halladay, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Balsall Heath)
    Private A. Halliwell, Royal Army Medical Corps (Ince)
    Private G. Halsey, Bedfordshire Regiment (Hemel Hempstead)
    Driver H. Halstead, Royal Field Artillery (Birstall)
    Private J. Hamilton, Gordon Highlanders (Uddingston)
    Private W. Hammond, Lancashire Fusiliers (Leeds)
    2nd Corporal H. Hampson, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Corporal W. H. Hance, Shropshire Light Infantry (Tooting)
    Private C. Hankin, Army Service Corps (Farningham)
    Sapper J. Hardie, Royal Engineers (Kintore)
    Private W. G. Hardiman, Middlesex Regiment (St. Pancras)
    Sergeant C. Harding, West Riding Regiment (Keighley)
    Driver C. R. Harding, Royal Field Artillery (Streatham, London)
    Sergeant J. Harding, Northumberland Fusiliers (Riding Mill)
    Gunner T. H. Harding, Royal Field Artillery (Brockley, London)
    Private P. Hardisty, Seaforth Highlanders (New Milnes)
    Sergeant J. Hardwick, York & Lancaster Regiment (Hollinsend)
    Corporal W. H. Hardy, Labour Corps (Mountsorrel)
    Private J. Harfield, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Littlehampton)
    2nd Corporal G. E. Hargreaves, Royal Engineers (E. Preston)
    Sapper J. Harker, Royal Engineers (West Hartlepool)
    Corporal G. Harkes, Royal Garrison Artillery (Dundee)
    Private W. J. Harmer, Essex Regiment (Kentish Town)
    Lance Corporal J. H. Harper, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (St. Austell)
    Bombardier T. Harper, Royal Field Artillery (Wolverhampton)
    Sergeant H. F. Harpham, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Selston)
    Corporal of H. H. J. Harrington, Household Battalion (Uxbridge)
    Private A. C. M. Harris, Devonshire Regiment (Barn-staple)
    Corporal C. Harris, Royal West Kent Regiment (Lewisham)
    Private G. E. Harris, Royal West Kent Regiment (Bermondsey)
    Corporal T. Harris, Irish Guards (Paddington)
    Sergeant W. Harris, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Private W. Harris, Military Mounted Police (Walsall)
    Private W. R. Harris, Cheshire Regiment (Blackburn)
    Private A. Harrison, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Hull)
    Drummer A. Harrison, Middlesex Regiment (Peckham)
    Sergeant C. G. Harrison, Dorsetshire Regiment (Poole)
    Private J. Harrison, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Ashbourne)
    Sergeant W. Harrison, Royal Field Artillery (Leicester)
    Private H. Harrop, Lancashire Fusiliers (Whitefield)
    Acting Sergeant F. J. Hart, Royal West Kent Regiment (Sydenham)
    Private P. Hart, Border Regiment (Wigan)
    Private G. Hartle, Worcestershire Regiment (Bromsgrove)
    Sapper F. M. Hartley, Royal Engineers (Bradford)
    Private C. Hartshorne, Grenadier Guards (Alfreton)
    Private E. Hartshorne, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Private D. Harvie, Scots Guards (Fauldhouse, N.B.)
    Lance Sergeant J. Harvey, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Birmingham)
    Private W. J. Harvey, Norfolk Regiment (Barnsbury)
    Sapper J. Haston, Royal Engineers (Shotts)
    Driver B. Hatch, Royal Field Artillery (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant G. Hatchley, Royal West Kent Regiment (Pinner)
    Private H. Hawker, Devonshire Regiment (Axminster)
    Private B. Hawkins, Machine Gun Corps (Luton)
    Sergeant C. H. Hawkins, Leicestershire Regiment (Loughboro)
    Private D. C. Hawksby, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Private F. Hawley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Derby)
    Sergeant W. E. Haworth, Royal Field Artillery (Oswaldtwistle)
    Sapper W. H. Hawson, Royal Engineers (Shirebrook)
    Private G. Hay, Northumberland Fusiliers (Bedlington)
    2nd Corporal S. F. Hayes, Royal Engineers (South Shields)
    Private E. Haynes, Royal Army Medical Corps (Hunsley)
    Private H. Haynes, South Staffordshire Regiment (West Bromwich)
    Private H. H. Haynes, Royal Army Medical Corps (Godalming)
    Sergeant B. Hazle, West Riding Regiment (Halifax)
    Sergeant G. Head, Royal Garrison Artillery (Newbury)
    Sergeant T. Heal, Machine Gun Corps (Eastwood)
    Private A. Heaney, Army Cyclist Corps (Newcastle)
    Lance Corporal A. E. Hemming, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Alcester)
    Sergeant W. C. Hender, Royal Field Artillery (Liverpool)
    Sapper A. Henderson, Royal Engineers (Harrogate)
    Private D. Henderson, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (West Calder)
    Private B. Henderson, Royal Highlanders (Buckhaven)
    Private T. Henderson, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dundee)
    Gunner W. Hepplewhite, Royal Field Artillery (S. Shields)
    Bombardier J. Herbert, Royal Field Artillery (Pimlico, London)
    Driver A. V. E. Herrich, Royal Field Artillery (West Ham)
    Sergeant W. Hewitt, Machine Gun Corps (Ferryhill)
    Acting Lance Corporal G. Heydenrick, Machine Gun Corps (Cape Town, South African)
    Private H. T. Heyward, Devonshire Regiment (Tiverton)
    Private J. L. Higgins, Devonshire Regiment (S. Hackney)
    2nd Corporal H. High, Royal Engineers (Ashford, Middlesex)
    Corporal C. Highton, East Yorkshire Regiment (HuB)
    Private J. H. Higson, Border Regiment (Leigh)
    Private C. Hill, Suffolk Regiment (Bredfield)
    Private E. Hill, Manchester Regiment, attd. Light Trench Mortar Battery (St. Helens)
    Private J. Hill, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Sergeant B. M. Hill, Grenadier Guards (Nottingham)
    Sergeant T. H. Hill, Royal Field Artillery (Selby Park)
    Corporal W. Hill, Royal Field Artillery (Pliuastead, London)
    Corporal F. W. Hillman, Cheshire Regiment (Aspull)
    Private B. Hilton, Border Regiment (Heaton Park)
    Private S. Hincks, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Sergeant W. Hindley, Grenadier Guards (Leigh)
    Private A. E. Hindrey, Norfolk Regiment (Norwich)
    Private F. Hinkler, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Lance Corporal H. Hinkley, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Duffield)
    Corporal H. Hinton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Sergeant A. P. Hipkin, York & Lancaster Regiment (Beeston)
    Lance Corporal J. W. Hird, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Private W. B. Hirst, West Riding Regiment (Bradford)
    Lance Corporal W. Hobbs, Hampshire Regiment (Bassett)
    Private G. Hobden, Lancashire Fusiliers (Clapton Park)
    Private A. E. Hobson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Hornsea)
    Private L. Hodgson, Yorkshire Regiment (Danby)
    Private S. Hodkinson, Shropshire Light Infantry (Stockport)
    Corporal H. Hodson, Royal Engineers (Willesden)
    Sergeant H. JB. Hogg, Royal Army Medical Corps (Croydon)
    Driver D. Hogwood, Royal Field Artillery (Maze Pond, London)
    Pioneer H. Holbroofe, Royal Engineers (Wakefield)
    Driver G. Holden, Royal Field Artillery (Darwen)
    Private T. Holden, Coldstream Guards (Nelson)
    Private W. H. Holden, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Blackburn)
    Private C. Holland, Gloucestershire Regiment (Leyton)
    Driver T. H. Holla, Royal Field Artillery (Greetland)
    Private F. J. Hollier, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bristol)
    Lance Sergeant J. Hollis, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Liverpool)
    Private B. H. Holloway, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Alford)
    Corporal A. G. Hollyoake, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Stony Stratford)
    Corporal H. Holmes, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Birmingham)
    Gunner J. T. Holmes, Royal Field Artillery (Canning Town, London)
    Private G. Holt, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Derby)
    Lance Corporal B. Holt, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Henley-in-Arden)
    Corporal H. Homer, Machine Gun Corps (E. Manchester)
    Private H. Homewood, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Hailing, Kent)
    Driver E. Hook, Army Service Corps (Woodhouse)
    Private G. Hook, West Riding Regiment (Bingley)
    M. S. Hookway, Royal Flying Corps (Bideford)
    Private H. C. M. Hooper, Royal Army Medical Corps (Darlington)
    Private J. Hooson, Lancashire Fusiliers (Pendleton)
    Corporal J. Hope, Royal Field Artillery (Durham)
    Sergeant B. N. Hope, Durham Light Infantry (Fencehouses)
    Corporal S. Hope, Machine Gun Corps (Heaton)
    Lance Sergeant J. B. Hopkins, Devonshire Regiment (Rhondda)
    Private J. Horan, Irish Guards (Enfield, County Meath)
    Corporal J. Home, Royal Field Artillery (Solehull)
    Private A. Homer, West Yorkshire Regiment (Ripon)
    Gunner G. Hornibrook, Royal Field Artillery (S. Kensington, London)
    Private J. Horridge, Lancashire Fusiliers (Lower Broughton)
    Gunner S. Horton, Royal Field Artillery (Wolverhampton)
    Private C. H. Hoskins, Gloucestershire Regiment (Boscombe)
    Sapper B. Houghton, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Driver R. Howard, Royal Field Artillery (Southend)
    Driver S. Howard, Royal Field Artillery (Ashton-upon-Lyne)
    Private F. Howarth, West Riding Regiment (Halifax)
    Sergeant G. A. Howarth, Royal Field Artillery (Radcliffe)
    Private L. P. D. Howarth, Coldstream Guards (Leicester)
    Sergeant F. J. Howe, Border Regiment (Baldock)
    Sergeant J. Howe, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Private J. E. Howe, West Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Private W. Howker, West Riding Regiment (Keigh
    Private C. Howlett, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Islington, London)
    Corporal R. C. Howley, Royal Field Artillery (Leytonstone, London)
    Able Seaman J. T. Hoyle, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Beamish)
    Bombardier S. J. Huett, Royal Field Artillery (Stratford, London)
    Private C. A. Hughes, Shropshire Light Infantry (Hereford)
    Corporal E. Hughes, Royal Fusiliers (W. Baling)
    Lance Corporal F. Hughes, Royal Engineers (Horsham)
    Driver F. Hughes, Royal Field Artillery (Mexico)
    Sergeant H. W. Hughes, Border Regiment (Eltham)
    Corporal T. Hull, Northumberland Fusiliers (Leyton)
    Sergeant G. Hulse, Royal Engineers (Hulme)
    Lance Corporal L. Hunneybell, Hampshire Regiment (Aldershot)
    Private A. E. W. Hunt, Essex Regiment (Shoeburyness)
    Corporal A. S. Hunt, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Corporal F. Hunt, Cheshire Regiment (Northwich)
    Private J. J. Hunt, Irish Guards (Milford Haven)
    Pioneer S. A. Hunt, Royal Engineers (Old Kent Rd., London)
    Sergeant W. Hunt, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Sapper J. Hunter, Royal Engineers (Jarrow)
    Sergeant J. W. Hunter, Northumberland Fusiliers (Gateshead)
    Sergeant J. Hurley, Royal Field Artillery (Westcliff-on-Sea)
    Private H. Hurworth, Durham Light Infantry (Saltburn-by-Sea)
    Corporal H. J. Hutchings, London Regiment (Leytonstone)
    Private J. Hutchings, Royal Sussex Regiment (Midhurst)
    Pioneer J. Hutchinson, Royal Engineers (Butterknowle)
    Private J. Hutchison, Royal Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Lance Corporal P. R. Hutchings, Gordon Highlanders (Dorset)
    Private G. A. Hynard, Bedfordshire Regiment (Hadleigh)
    Private H. Hynes, West Riding Regiment (Marsden)
    Gunner R. Ibbotson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Finsbury Park, London)
    Private W. Illingworth, Lancashire Fusiliers (Staleybridge)
    Sergeant T. W. Ingham, Grenadier Guards (Northampton)
    Private J. H. Ingleby, Yorkshire Regiment (Wheatley Hill)
    Private A. E. Ingles, Royal West Kent Regiment (Oulton Broad)
    Sergeant A. Inglis, West Yorkshire Regiment (Gateshead-on-Tyne)
    Bombardier J. Inman, Royal Field Artillery (Grassington)
    Acting Corporal W. Irving, Royal Engineers (Seaham Colliery)
    Private A. Jackson, Rifle Brigade (Bow E.)
    Private J. Jackson, Coldstream Guards (Hartlepool)
    Corporal J. Jackson, Lincolnshire Regiment (Spalding)
    Driver J. H. Jackson, Royal Field Artillery (Edmonton, London)
    Private J. W. Jackson, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Bramley)
    Private J. W. Jackson, Yorkshire Regiment (Middlesbrough)
    Sergeant S. Jackson, Leicestershire Regiment (Leeds)
    Private T. Jackson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Woolton)
    Private W. Jackson, London Regiment (Hampstead Road, London)
    Private W. Jackson, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant P. C. Jacob, Rifle Brigade (Notting Hill)
    Sapper S. T. Jacobs, Royal Engineers (King's Lynn)
    Private E. Jacques, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Chesterfield)
    Private J. Jakins, Leicestershire Regiment (Chesterfield)
    Sergeant H. James, Machine Gun Corps (Southend-on-Sea)
    Gunner D. W. Jardine, Royal Field Artillery (South Shields)
    Private T. F. Jarrett, Royal West Kent Regiment (Tonbridge)
    Private G. Jarvis, Royal Army Medical Corps (Worcester)
    Lance Corporal W. E. Jarvis, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Kidderminster)
    Sergeant W. J. Jauncey, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Sergeant A. Jeacock, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Private G. Jefferson, Gordon Highlanders (Burton-on-Trent)
    Private A. J. Jeffries, Suffolk Regiment (Sudbury)
    Private J. Jeffries, Northumberland Fusiliers (Horden)
    Lance Sergeant G. Jeffs, Lancashire Fusiliers (Parkgate)
    Sergeant F. Jenkins, Shropshire Light Infantry (Smetbwick)
    Private W. S. Jenkins, Royal Army Medical Corps (Brixton)
    Private P. Jenkinson, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Corporal G. Jenner, Royal West Kent Regiment (Tunbridge-Wells)
    Lance Corporal B. Jennings, West Riding Regiment (Wolfverhampton)
    Sergeant P. C. Jennings, Royal Field Artillery (East Dulwich, London)
    Private A. B. Johnson, Norfolk Regiment (Harleston)
    Sergeant C. Johnson, Lancashire Fusiliers (Birmingham)
    Sapper F. Johnson, Royal Engineers (Hammersmith)
    Private H. Johnson, East Surrey Regiment (Walton-on-Thames)
    Private T. Johnson, Machine Gun Corps (Bolton)
    Private W. F. Johnson, West Yorkshire Regiment (Monk Fryston)
    Corporal H. Johnston, Bedfordshire Regiment (Epsom)
    Lance Corporal R. Johnston, Manchester Regiment (Liverpool)
    Driver W. Johnston, Royal Field Artillery (Brechin)
    Private D. M. Johnstons, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Haugh-of-Urr)
    Private G. D. Johnstone, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Newcastle)
    Private H. Johnstone, late Royal Scots (Monkton)
    Sergeant J. Johnstone, Gordon Highlanders (Maghoa)
    Gunner A. Jones, Royal Garrison Artillery (Malvern)
    Driver B. Jones, Royal Field Artillery (Glyncarriog)
    Sergeant B. Jones, South Staffordshire Regiment (Sedgeley)
    Pioneer C. E. Jones, Royal Engineers (Madley)
    Private D. Jones, Lancashire Fusiliers (Abergele)
    Bombardier D. O. Jones, Royal Field Artillery (Clapham, London)
    Private F. R. Jones, Worcestershire Regiment (Dudley)
    Corporal O. Jones, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Pwllheli)
    Private R. Jones, Norfolk Regiment (Bethnal Green)
    Sapper R. Jones, Royal Engineers (Church Stretton)
    Lance Corporal R. Jones, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Llanrwst)
    Private R. Jones, Leicestershire Regiment (Sutton-in-Ashfield)
    Driver S. Jones, Royal Field Artillery (Bilston)
    Corporal T. Jones, Royal Engineers (Charlbury)
    Private W. Jones, South Staffordshire Regiment (Brierley Hill)
    Boinbr. W. Jones, Royal Field Artillery (Wolverhampton)
    Sapper W. J. Jones, Royal Engineers (Rhynmey)
    Private W. J. Jones, Honourable Artillery Company (Treffgarne)
    Sapper A. H. Jordan, Royal Engineers (Plymouth)
    Acting Bombardier C. Jordan, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sutton)
    Lance Corporal J. T. Jordan, Rifle Brigade (East Ham)
    Lance Corporal G. Joule, Cheshire Regiment (Stalybridge)
    Private C. Joyce, Machine Gun Guards (Bolton)
    Lance Corporal E. Joynes, West Riding Regiment (Sheffield)
    Acting Corporal G. A. Joynes, Labour Corps (Barwick-in-Elmet)
    Driver J. E. Just, Royal Field Artillery (Shap)
    Lance Corporal H. Kane, West Riding Regiment (Lochore)
    Private H. Kane, Irish Guards (Ashford, County Wicklow)
    Private H. A. V. Kattau, London Regiment (Stockwell)
    Sergeant H. Kay, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Private P. Keane, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Bonnybridge)
    Lance Sergeant P. Kearney, Irish Guards (Belfast)
    Private C. Keeling, South Staffordshire Regiment (Deepfields)
    Driver D. Keenan, Royal Field Artillery (Valleyfield, Fife)
    Private T. Keenan, Seaforth Highlanders (Lochee)
    Gunner M. Keighley, Royal Field Artillery (Bolton)
    Private V. Keily, Royal Army Medical Corps (Stradbally)
    Pioneer T. Kelly, Royal Engineers (E. Manchester)
    Sapper G. Kelly, Royal Engineers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Private J. Kelsall, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Manchester)
    Corporal T. P. Kenny, Irish Guards (Dublin)
    Bombardier H. G. Kent, Royal Field Artillery (Hove)
    Pioneer K. A. O. Kenward, Royal Engineers (Heathfield)
    Sergeant A. Kenyon, West Riding Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Corporal W. F. Kermode, Coldstream Guards (Peel)
    Acting Bombardier J. W. Kershaw, Royal Field Artillery (Oldham)
    Gunner W.J. Kerton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Shepton Mallet)
    Corporal J. W. Key, Royal Sussex Regiment (Long Eaton)
    Private A. B. Kibble, Middlesex Regiment (New Cross)
    Lance Corporal E. Kidger, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private A. Kilkenny, Irish Guards (Derryclagh)
    Private A. King, Bedfordshire Regiment (Bedford)
    Private E. S. G. King, Royal West Kent Regiment (S. Norwood)
    Lance Corporal E. T. King, Cambridgeshire Regiment (Cambridge)
    Sapper J. King, Royal Engineers (West Hartlepool)
    Sergeant J. King, Border Regiment (Kendal)
    Sapper F. Kirby, Royal Engineers (Chesterfield)
    Private C. Kirk, Lancashire Fusiliers (Staines)
    Private W. Kirkham, Shropshire Light Infantry (Whitchurch, Salop)
    Sergeant J. Kite, Royal Field Artillery (Curbridge)
    Private W. Kitely, Bedfordshire Regiment (Arlesey)
    Private W. Knight, South Staffordshire Regiment (Codicote, Welwyn)
    Private A. Knowles, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Tibshelf)
    Private F. H. C. Kunz, Suffolk Regiment (Forest Gate)
    Corporal E. A. Kynaston, Shropshire Light Infantry (Ellesmere)
    Private J. Lacey, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Corporal W. Laidlaw, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Hawick)
    Private G. Laing, Labour Corps (Aberdeen)
    Lance Corporal J. W. Lake, Lincolnshire Regiment (Grimsby)
    Sergeant W. Lake, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Woodford-Halse)
    Private J. Lakin, South Staffordshire Regiment (Atherstone)
    Corporal E. Lamb, Northumberland Fusiliers (Hordon Colliery)
    Gunner H. Lamble, Royal Field Artillery (Kingsbridge)
    Corporal T. Lancashire, Lancashire Fusiliers (Oldham)
    Sergeant S. Langley, Royal Field Artillery (East Greenwich)
    Sergeant F. E. Langrish, London Regiment (East Ham)
    Corporal H. F. Lansley, London Regiment (Tottenham)
    Private W. Latham, Manchester Regiment (St. Helens)
    Lance Corporal H. W. Lattimore, Machine Gun Corps (Hull)
    Private J. Lavelle, Irish Guards (Inneskea, Belmullet)
    Private M. Lavery, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Glasgow)
    Lance Sergeant J. Law, Coldstream Guards (Smethwick, Staffs.)
    Corporal G. B. A. Lawes, Lancashire Fusiliers (Dartmouth)
    Corporal F. E. Lawrence, Royal West Kent Regiment (Shoreham-by-Sea)
    Driver J. Lawrence, Royal Field Artillery (llyhope)
    Corporal E. H. Laws, Yorkshire Regiment (Ryhope)
    Sergeant C. Lawson, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Private F. Laycock, West Riding Regiment (Brighouse)
    Private A. E. Lea, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Gunner F. Lea, Royal Field Artillery (Wednesbury)
    Private J. Leach, Gordon Highlanders (Chorley, Lancaster)
    Private H. V. Lee, Norfolk Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private E. Leech, Grenadier Guards (Pulford)
    Private E. Leech, Lancashire Fusiliers (Alderley Edge)
    Acting Sergeant W. Leggatt, Gordon Highlanders (Paisley)
    Sergeant J. A. Leggett, Norfolk Regiment (Norwich)
    Private W. C. Leggott, Welsh Regiment (Cambridge)
    Corporal H. Leitch, Royal Field Artillery (Dunoon)
    2nd Corporal A. Leith, Royal Engineers (Limerick)
    Private A. V. Lemon, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Weymouth)
    Corporal A. Leonard, Royal Field Artillery (Mildenhall)
    Lance Corporal D. Leonard, Yorkshire Regiment (Bishop Auckland)
    Sergeant J. Leonard, Lancashire Fusiliers (Billinge)
    Lance Corporal M. Leonard, Northumberland Fusiliers (Burnhope)
    Private E. C. Leslie, Border Regiment (Battersea)
    Private S. Levi, Machine Gun Corps (E. Whitehall)
    Driver D. W. Lewis, Royal Field Artillery (Llandebie)
    Sergeant E. E. Lewis, Royal Field Artillery (Pembroke)
    Private H. Lewis, Worcestershire Regiment (Bromsgrove)
    Corporal J. W. Lewis, Lancashire Fusiliers (Swiriton)
    Lance Corporal A. S. Leybourne, Military Foot Police (Chesterton)
    Private F. Liddiard, Lancashire Fusiliers (Birchvale)
    Private A. K. Lidgett, Army Service Corps (St. John's Wood)
    Sergeant D. Light, Royal Field Artillery (Boston, Lincolnshire)
    Sergeant R. Lightfoot, Gloucestershire Regiment (Sharpness)
    Private J. Liles, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bolton)
    Private T. Lillie, Northumberland Fusiliers (Blyth)
    Private F. G. Linder, Suffolk Regiment (Lowestoft)
    Private H. Lincoln, West Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Private W. Lines, Northumberland Fusiliers (Walsall)
    Corporal F. J. Linsey, Royal West Surrey Regiment (S. Crpydon)
    Corporal C. W. Linton, Royal Field Artillery (Drury Lane, London)
    Private H. Lisle, West Riding Regiment (Ashington)
    Private H. Lister, West Riding Regiment (Woodhouse-Mill)
    Private T. H. Lister, Manchester Regiment (Rotherham)
    Lance Corporal R. G. Liston, Royal Scots (Dornoch)
    Pfe H. J. Little, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Walthaanstow)
    Bte. T. Little, Royal West Kent Regiment (Writtle)
    Corporal J. Littler, North Staffordshire Regiment (Longton)
    Private H. Llewellyn, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Sapper E. F. Loades, Royal Engineers (Bury St. Edmunds)
    Private F. Lockwood, York & Lancaster Regiment (Wakefield)
    Corporal F. G. Lodge, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bristol)
    Driver J. Loftus, Royal Field Artillery (Bolton, Lancaster)
    Gunner J. W. Long, Royal Garrison Artillery (Yeadon)
    Corporal B. Lord, York & Lancaster Regiment (Wathon, Dearrie)
    Private A. Loveland, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Camberley)
    Private J. Low, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Bombardier T. Lowther, Royal Field Artillery (Halton)
    Private E. H. Luff, Royal West Kent Regiment (Battersea Park)
    Private A. Luke, Devonshire Regiment (Penzance)
    Lance Corporal T. Luke, Northumberland Fusiliers (Birtley, County Durham)
    Private W. Lunn, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private G. Lymer, Coldstream Guards (Kilsby)
    Private S. Lynn, East Surrey Regiment (E. Dulwich)
    Private M. Lyons, Lancashire Fusiliers (Southport)
    Acting Corporal F. S. Mabbs, Norfolk Regiment (East Twickenham)
    Private W. MacAllister, Machine Gun Corps (Ballymena)
    Lance Corporal J. Macaulay, Seaforth Highlanders (Kilmarnock)
    Private C. Macdonald, Seaforth Highlanders (Stornoway)
    Lance Sergeant A. Mackenzie, Cameron Highlanders (Skye)
    Private R. Mackie, York & Lancaster Regiment (South Shields)
    Private A. Mackintosh, London Regiment (Hoxton)
    Private H. G. Macklen, Lancashire Fusiliers (Staines)
    Gunner P. A. Macnamara, Royal Field Artillery (Dundee)
    Private H. MacTaggart, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Dailly)
    Sergeant T. Magee, Lancashire Fusiliers (Eccles)
    Private E. Maguire, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Glasgow)
    Driver F. Maguire, Royal Field Artillery (Hamilton)
    Private B. Maiden, Machine Gun Corps (Wollaston)
    Lance Corporal J. A. Main, Seaforth Highlanders (Findhorn)
    Lance Corporal D. Mair, Gam. Higihrs. (Nairn)
    Lance Corporal N. F. Maker, Devonshire Regiment (Bere
    Private P. Malkin, Leicestershire Regiment (Burbage)
    Corporal J. Maloney, Machine Gun Corps (Galway)
    Bombardier T. D. Malsbury, Royal Field Artillery (Moxley)
    Sapper C. F. Malyon, Royal Engineers, fmly, Royal Army Medical Corps (Thorney)
    Bombardier J. M. Mann, Royal Field Artillery (Carlisle)
    Driver W. R. Mann, Army Service Corps (Bayswater)
    Private E. Manning, Suffolk Regiment (North Stow)
    Private E. Mannng, Royal West Kent Regiment (Orpington)
    Sergeant C. Mannion, Machine Gun Corps (Collyhurst)
    Sapper A. H. March, Royal Engineers (Bath)
    Private W. H. March, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Kimberley)
    Private F. Marchant, Devonshire Regiment (Ottery St. Mary)
    Private E. J. Marchant, Worcestershire Regiment (Salisbury)
    Lance Corporal R. Markham, West Yorkshire Regiment (Sheffield)
    Private T. Markham, Lincolnshire Regiment (Grimsby)
    Bombardier J. Marlow, Royal Field Artillery (Merton Abbey, London)
    Private J. Marner, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dunadry)
    Sapper W. Marriott, Royal Engineers (Wellingborough)
    SergeantF. Marsh, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Private V. J. Marsh, Rifle Brigade (Fulham)
    Sapper W. Marsh, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Private E. Marshall, Rifle Brigade (Elland)
    Private W. F. Marshall, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bradford)
    Corporal (, Sergeant) T. Marston, Leicestershire Regiment (Loughborough)
    Private A. W. Martin, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bosham)
    Private C. A. Martin, Royal Army Medical Corps (Derby)
    Private D. Martin, Machine Gun Corps (Kingston)
    Driver G. Martin, Royal Field Artillery (Burgess Hill)
    Private J. Martin, Labour Corps (Newcistle-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant J. W. Martin, Army Service Corps (Manor Park)
    Corporal N. Marian, Royal Engineers (Jarrow)
    Corporal R. S. W. Martin, Lincolnshire Regiment (Chaudlersford)
    2nd Corporal S. G. Martin, Royal Engineers (Balham, London)
    Private C. Mason, Royal Sussex Regiment (Clare, Suffolk)
    Sergeant E. Mason, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private F. Mason, Machine Gun Corps (Whixley)
    Private G. Mason, West Riding Regiment (Caton)
    Sergeant J. H. Mason, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Sergeant A. Masson, Royal Field Artillery (E. Elgin)
    Sergeant F. Masters, Royal Sussex Regiment (Battle)
    Private H. V. Matlock, Leicestershire Regiment (Shepshed)
    Sergeant J. Mafetey, Royal Field Artillery (Winkfield)
    Corporal of H. E. C. Matthews, Household Battalion (Leicester)
    Drummer H. Matthews, Middlesex Regiment (Lower Clapton, London)
    Private S. Matthews, West Riding Regiment (Howarth)
    Corporal T. H. Matthtews, Royal Army Medical Corps (Exeter)
    Fitter Staff Sergeant B. J. Mate, Royal Field Artillery (Nottingham)
    Sergeant H. J. Maule, Machine Gun Corps (Tiddington)
    Acting Corporal T. A. Maw, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Gainsborough)
    Corporal E. Mawbey, Grenadier Guards (Willesden, London)
    Private V. May, Royal West Kent Regiment (Waterford)
    Corporal R. H. Mayson, Royal Field Artillery (Keswick)
    Sergeant H. G. McCabe, Coldstream Guards (Smethwick)
    Corporal R. McConnell, Irish Guards (Larne)
    Corporal A. McDonald, Norfolk Regiment (Poplar, London)
    Private H. McDonald, Royal Army Medical Corps (Glasgow)
    Able Seaman J. McDonald, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Aberdeen)
    Corporal H. A. McDonnell, Leicestershire Regiment (Loughborough)
    Private W. McFadyen, Royal Highlanders (Methil)
    Private A. McGhee, Labour Corps (Glasgow)
    Lance Corporal J. McGoldrick, York & Lancaster Regiment (St. Ninians)
    Private J. McGregor, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Driver F. McGuire, Royal Field Artillery (West Hartlepool)
    Private F. McHugh, Machine Gun Guards (Drumkeirn)
    Sergeant D. McIntyre, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Kerrera)
    Sergeant D. McIver, Seaforth Highlanders (Inverness)
    Private J. McKay, Seaforth Highlanders (Forres)
    Private R. McKellan, Army Service Corps (Alberta, Can.)
    Private R. McKenzie, Seaforth Highlanders (Dumfries)
    Corporal J. McLaren, Royal Highlanders (Fernigair)
    Private M. McLean, Gordon Highlanders (Dundonnell by Garve)
    Private R. McLean, Royal Army Medical Corps (Lochgelly)
    Lance Corporal R. McLellan, Seaforth Highlanders (Kirkcudbright)
    Private J. McLeod, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Corporal J. McMahon, Royal Sussex Regiment (Coventry)
    Private M. McMahon, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Chesterfield)
    Lance Corporal T. McMahon, Royal Highlanders (Boness)
    Private J. McManus, Northumberland Fusiliers (East Cramlington)
    Private T. H. McMinemy, West Riding Regiment (Caledon)
    Lance Corporal A. M. McNeill, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Lochgilphead)
    Sergeant A. McNulty, Gordon Highlanders (Hamilton)
    Private P. McNulty, Irish Guards (Ballyjamesduff)
    Sergeant J. McQuade, Labour Corps (Glasgow)
    Private D. McQuarrie, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Greenock)
    Private W. McQueen, Royal Army Medical Corps (Edinburgh)
    Lance Corporal A. McWilliams, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Sergeant G. Meadows, West Yorkshire Regiment (Byker, Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant J. R. Mean, Machine Gun Corps (Seaham Harbour)
    Sergeant P. Mearns, Gordon Highlanders (Aboyne)
    Gunner A. J. Mears, Royal Garrison Artillery (Hoxton)
    Sergeant J. Mears, Royal Field Artillery (Haggerston)
    Corporal P. Meechan, Royal Field Artillery (Edinburgh)
    Private A. Meen, Royal West Kent Regiment (Northfleet)
    SjB. W. Meer, Royal Field Artillery (Ilkeston)
    Private T. Meeres, Northumberland Fusiliers (Hoxton)
    Private L. Meggit, York & Lancaster Regiment (Kilnhurst)
    Private G. Melcalfe, West Riding Regiment (Bradford)
    Pioneer W. Mellars, Royal Engineers (Rotherham)
    Driver J. B. Melling, Royal Field Artillery (Preston)
    Private A. H. Mendes, Rifle Brigade (Trinidad)
    Gunner N. A. Menzies, Royal Field Artillery (Leith)
    Corporal H. S. Merriman, West Riding Regiment (Battyeford)
    Gunner N. B. Merritt, Royal Field Artillery (Leeds)
    Sergeant H. Metcalfe, Machine Gun Corps (York)
    Private J. Metcalfe, West Riding Regiment (Keigh
    Lance Corporal G. L. Mettam, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Stapleford)
    Private W. J. Middleditch, Grenadier Guards (Maldon, Essex)
    Private A. R. Middleton, Machine Gun Corps (Aston)
    Sapper D. J. Middleton, Royal Engineers (Deptford, London)
    Lance Corporal W. Middleton, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Private J. P. Miles, Royal West Kent Regiment (Penge)
    Private G. Miller, Machine Gun Corps (Whitehaven)
    Gunner R. H. Miller, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sale, Cheshire)
    Private W. G. Millington, Royal Army Medical Corps (Shrewsbury)
    Gunner J. Millmore, Royal Field Artillery (Tantobie)
    Corporal G. D. Mills, Royal Engineers (Norwich)
    Private J. Mills, Yorkshire Regiment (Sunderland)
    Private J. A. Mills, Machine Gun Corps (Huddersfield)
    Lance Corporal R. Mills, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Yardley)
    Private W. Mills, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Sheffield)
    Private H. Millson, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Private W. Millward, Worcestershire Regiment (Bewdley)
    Private A. Milne, Royal Scots (Edinburgh)
    Private J. Milne, Manchester Regiment, attd. Royal Engineers (Rochdale)
    Private C. Mitchell, Army Service Corps (Sowerby Bridge)
    Gunner C. Mitchell, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Arbroath)
    Sapper C. W. Mitchell, Royal Engineers (Sandbach)
    Sergeant C. W. Mitchell, Royal Marine Field Artillery (Doncaster)
    Private J. Mitchell, Gordon Highlanders (Greenock)
    Private P. Mitchell, Gordon Highlanders (Hill of Beath, Fife)
    Lance Corporal R. Mole, Northumberland Fusiliers (Cullercoats)
    Sergeant B. Monaghan, Royal Field Artillery (Leeds)
    Lance Corporal D. Monk, Cameron Highlanders (Benbecula)
    Private E. Monkhouse, Yorkshire Regiment (Notting Hill)
    Sapper R. B. Moody, Royal Engineers (Bishop Auckland)
    Sergeant A. J. Moore, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sandgate)
    Private T. Moore, South Staffordshire Regiment (Pelsall)
    Corporal W. Moralee, Northumberland Fusiliers (Byker)
    Private J. Moreland, Gordon Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Gunner G. J. E. Morgan, Royal Field Artillery (Roseville, Coseley)
    Private J. H. Morgan, Northumberland Fusiliers (North Shields)
    Private T. Morgan, Lancashire Fusiliers (Warrington)
    Private A. Moring, Royal West Kent Regiment (Clapton)
    Corporal F. L. Morley, Royal Fusiliers (Sudbury)
    Gunner R. W. Morley, Royal Field Artillery (Lower Tooting)
    Sergeant T. Morley, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Derby)
    Private J. G. Morrice, Gordon Highlanders (Tarland)
    Able Seaman A. R. Morris, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Laugharne)
    Sergeant B. Morris, Royal Field Artillery (Swansea)
    Private D. Morris, Northumberland Fusiliers (Dunston-on-Tyne)
    Driver G. Morris, Royal Field Artillery (Edmonton)
    Battery Quartermaster Sergeant W. Morris, Royal Field Artillery (Tinbury Wells)
    Lance Corporal W. Morris, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Hyde)
    Lance Corporal W. G. Morris, Seaforth Highlanders (London)
    Private W. J. P. Morris, Honourable Artillery Company (Welshpool)
    Private G. D. Morrison, Royal Army Medical Corps (Aberdeen)
    Lance Corporal P. Morrison, Royal Highlanders (Bankfoot)
    Private A. Moss, East Surrey Regiment (Southfields)
    Corporal J. Mould, Northumberland Fusiliers (South Shields)
    Sapper C. E. Mounsley, Royal Engineers (Darlington)
    Private A. Mountfprd, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bashford)
    Private E. Moxon, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Pontefract)
    Private J. Moyes, Royal Highlanders (Duufermline)
    Driver A. Muir, Royal Field Artillery (Edinburgh)
    Private C. Mumford, Hampshire Regiment (Ware Park)
    Private I. Murphy, Royal Scots (Glasgow)
    Lance Corporal F. S. Murray, Middlesex Regiment (Walthamstow)
    Driver G. A. Murray, Royal Field Artillery (Chesterle-Street)
    Bombardier J. G. Murray, Royal Field Artillery (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Private K. Murray, Seaforth Highlanders (Alness)
    Bombardier F. Musgrove, Royal Field Artillery (Leeds)
    Private W. Musgrove, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Private S. Musselbrook, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Dulwich)
    Driver E. Naven, Royal Field Artillery (Birmingham)
    Private E. Naylor, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Private J. H. Naylor, West Riding Regiment (Halifax)
    Gunner A. Neaversonr Royal Garrison Artillery (Burton-on-Trent)
    Private J. Nelson, Royal Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Private J. W. Nelson, West Riding Regiment (Barnsley)
    Private H. Nevard, Essex Regiment (Colchester)
    Private J. Newall, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Manchester)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant W. C. Newberry, Devonshire Regiment (Exeter)
    Lance Corporal F. Newcombe, Dorsetshire Regiment (Hatherleigh)
    Sergeant C. Newland, Royal Army Medical Corps (Wrexham)
    Lance Corporal A. Newlands, Manchester Regiment (Horwich)
    Sergeant A. H. Newman, Royal Field Artillery (E. Gloucester)
    Private H. Newman, Grenadier Guards (Kingsdown)
    Private S. Newman, Royal Sussex Regiment (Wimbledon)
    Lance Corporal A. H. Newson, Yorkshire Regiment (Norwich)
    Corporal T. P. Newton, Royal Field Artillery (Guiseley)
    Private H. Nice, Norfolk Regiment (Fring)
    Private J. Nicholas, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Claytonle-Moors)
    Private P. A. Nicholl, Royal Sussex Regiment (Brighton)
    Lance Corporal G. H. Nicholls, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Wednesbury)
    Private E. O. Nicholson, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Corporal F. Nicholson, Lancashire Fusiliers (West Baling)
    Private R. D. Nicolson, Cameron Highlanders (Skye)
    Sergeant W. H. Nightingale, Royal Marine Field Artillery (Hornsey)
    Gunner V. Nikitenko, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Newton Grange)
    Gunner H. Nimmo, Royal Field Artillery (Glasgow)
    Corporal A. Nixon, East Lancashire Regiment (Burnley)
    Sergeant A. Noble, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Kettering)
    Private R. Noble, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Paisley)
    Private E. W. Norman, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Sapper W. B. Norman, Royal Engineers (Jarrow)
    Private G. Norris, Machine Gun Corps (Southampton)
    Acting Corporal H. G. A. Norris, Essex Regiment (Manor Park)
    Private C. North, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Dockingfield)
    Lance Sergeant S. C. Nother, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Winchester)
    Private A. Norton, Coldstream Guards, attd. Machine Gun Guards (Fotherby)
    Corporal R. D. Norwood, Norfolk Regiment (Stonebridge Park, London)
    Acting Bombardier A. D. Oakley, Royal Field Artillery (Forest Gate)
    Gunner W. E. Oakley, Royal Field Artillery (York)
    Bombardier C. O'Brien, Royal Field Artillery (Tunstall)
    Corporal W. Odd, Royal Engineers (Mereworth)
    Private G. O'Donoghue, Machine Gun Guards (Slane)
    Lance Sergeant C. G. O'Kelly, York & Lancaster Regiment (Halifax)
    Sapper W. Older, Royal Engineers (Hastings)
    Private W. A. Oldfield, Gloucestershire Regiment (Walthamstow)
    Sergeant J. Oliver, Machine Gun Corps (Bridgworth)
    Private J. E. Oliver, East Yorkshire Regiment (Tinsley)
    Private M. O'Neill, Grenadier Guards (Bantry)
    Sergeant W. O'Neill, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant D. H. Ormerod, Royal Lancaster Regiment (E. Manchester)
    Sapper A. Orwin, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Sergeant J. G. Osborne, Worcestershire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Gunner J. W. Osborne, Royal Field Artillery (Elland)
    Acting Bombardier S. Osborne, Royal Garrison Artillery (Great Clacton)
    Private P. D. Ottley, Army Service Corps (Willesden, London)
    Private T. H. E. Ovenden, Suffolk Regiment (Plumstead, London)
    Driver A. W. Owen, Royal Field Artillery (Bermondsey)
    Air Mechanic, 1st Class S. Owefl, Royal Flying Corps (Armedale)
    Corporal W. Owen, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Learnington)
    Private B. Owens, Machine Gun Corps (North Carolina, U.S.A.)
    Corporal E. Oxby, Lincolnshire Regiment (Retford)
    Gunner (Driver) J. Oxby, Royal Garrison Artillery (Lazills)
    Corporal F. Page, Royal Field Artillery (Manchester)
    Private J. Page, Suffolk Regiment (West Wickham)
    Corporal W. B. Page, Suffolk Regiment (Ipswich)
    Gunner C. H. Pain, Royal Field Artillery (Walworth)
    Driver W. Pain, Royal Field Artillery (Staines)
    Sergeant F. Palmer, Royal Field Artillery (Dorking)
    Private O. Palmer, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private J. G. Pardington, Machine Gun Corps (E. Stroud)
    Acting Bombardier H. Parfitt, Royal Field Artillery (Old Kent Road, London)
    Private L. W. Paris, Royal West Surrey Regiment (E. Croydon)
    Private S. Park, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Private J. Parker, Northumberland Fusiliers (Betside Furnace)
    Sergeant J. Parker, Royal Field Artillery (Wembley)
    Sergeant J. A. Parker, Royal Horse Artillery (Ilford)
    Sergeant R. Parker, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Galgate)
    Lance Corporal W. Parkin, Lincolnshire Regiment (Mansfield)
    Lance Corporal D. Parkinson, Gordon Highlanders (Stackstead)
    Private A. Parr, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Sergeant W. H. Parr, South Staffordshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Private H. H. Parry, Suffolk Regiment (Walthamstow)
    Corporal E. W. Parsons, Grenadier Guards (Putney, London)
    Lance Sergeant A. Partridge, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Private A. W. Pascoe, Royal Sussex Regiment (Paignton)
    Corporal A. W. Passmore, Worcestershire Regiment (Lower Gornal)
    Private A. Patchett, Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Private E. W. Pateman, Coldstream Guards (Midhurst)
    Private R. B. Paterson, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Edinburgh)
    Pioneer W. Paterson, Royal Engineers (Hawick)
    Lance Corporal W. E. Paul, Dorsetshire Regiment (Dorchester)
    Private A. E. Payne, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dover)
    Private B. W. Payne, Dragoon Guards (Faversham)
    Private E. Payne, Norfolk Regiment (Great Yarmouth)
    Trooper E. W. Peach, Household Battalion (Bridport)
    Lance Corporal A. Peachey, Royal Engineers (Thurstou)
    Sergeant C. Peachy, West Riding Regiment (Bradford)
    Private E. E. Peacock, Northumberland Fusiliers (Belvedere)
    Corporal A. Pearce, Shropshire Light Infantry (Oswes
    Bombardier G. Pearce, Royal Field Artillery (Southall)
    Lance Corporal J. Pearman, Essex Regiment (Chelsea)
    Gunner A. H. Pearson, Royal Field Artillery (Rotherhithe)
    Private G. Pearson, West Riding Regiment (Tfaornaby-on-Tees)
    Private H. Pearson, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Corporal T. Pearson, Grenadier Guards (Manor Park)
    Private F. J. Peck, Coldstream Guards (Ryde)
    Private H. Peckham, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Dorchester)
    Lance Corporal F. Peel, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Morley)
    Gunner E. J. Pemberthy, Royal Garrison Artillery (Penarth)
    Gunner H. Penlington, Royal Garrison Artillery (Liverpool)
    Private W. Pepper, East Surrey Regiment (Standon)
    Lance Sergeant S. Perks, Coldstream Guards (Slough)
    Lance Corporal G. Perrin, Machine Gun Corps (Rye)
    Private W. G. Perren, Machine Gun Corp. (Enfield)
    Private A. W. Perry, Worcestershire Regiment (Marylelebone)
    Private J. Perry, Royal West Kent Regiment (Mon.)
    Lance Sergeant P. R. Perry, Hampshire Regiment (Norwich)
    Sergeant W. Peters, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Corporal J. Phillingham, Lancashire Fusiliers (Openshaw)
    Sergeant E. J. Phillips, London Regiment (Islington)
    Private W. A. Phillips, Rifle Brigade (Walwtfrth)
    Lance Corporal E. J. Philpott, Machine Gun Corps (Eastney)
    Sapper G. T. Phizacklea, Royal Engineers (Mitcham)
    Corporal A. C. Pickering, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bolton)
    Sergeant G. Pickering, East Lancashire Regiment (Lostock)
    Private E. Pickles, West Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Gunner T. Pickup, Royal Field Artillery (Rawtenstall)
    Acting Lance Corporal D. Pidgely, Machine Gun Corps (Hurstpierpoint)
    Private J. F. Pierce, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Brighton)
    Sapper F. G. Pilgirem, Royal Engineers (Pritttewell)
    Private C. Pilgrim, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Staff Sergeant Fitter E. Pilkington, Royal Field Artillery (Preston)
    Private J. Pilkington, York & Lancaster Regiment (Barnsley)
    Private J. Pirret, Gordon Highlanders (Newton Grange)
    Sergeant A. G. Pitcher, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Marborough Meadows)
    Corporal E. W. Pitt, Grenadier Guards (Rrightlingsea)
    Lance Corporal W. R. Pizzey, West Riding Regiment (Chapeltown, Sheffield)
    Lance Corporal C. E. Platt, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private H. Plowman, Yorkshire Regiment (Malton)
    Sapper B. Plows, Royal Engineers (Kippax)
    Corporal C. Plumley, Norfolk Regiment (E. Northampton)
    Private W. Poile, Royal Sussex Regiment (Rye, Sussex)
    Sapper F. P. Poland, Royal Engineers (Worthing)
    Lt/Sergeant Pomroy, Suffolk Regiment (Walton)
    Private A. C. Pook, Royal Army Medical Corps (Plymouth)
    Gunner L. E. Poole, Royal Horse Artillery (Coventry)
    Corporal F. V. Pope, Royal Field Artillery (Buxted)
    Sergeant S. Pope, Devonshire Regiment (Exmouth)
    Lance Corporal B. Porter, Middlesex Regiment (Chadwell Heath)
    Tr. H. Porter, Household Battalion (Sleaford)
    Sergeant A. J. Portman, Worcestershire Regiment (Netherton);
    Private T. G. Porton, Coldstream Guards (Horsham)
    Lance Sergeant R. Potter, Machine Gun Corps (Markgate)
    Private A. Potter, Royal Scots (Grangepans)
    Onr. A. G. Potter, Royal Field Artillery (Wickham Market)
    Private J. J. Potts, Durham Light Infantry (Coxhoe)
    Corporal T. Potts, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sunderland)
    Sergeant W. Poulton, South Staffordshire Regiment (Long Itchington)
    Sergeant E. Pounder, Royal Field Artillery (Sunderland)
    Gunner A. J. Powell, Royal Horse Artillery (Goring-on-Thames)
    Lance Sergeant F. Powell, West Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Gunner H. Powell, Royal Garrison Artillery (Holywell)
    Lance Sergeant J. Powell, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Derby)
    Private J. Powell, East Yorkshire Regiment (South, Bank)
    Private R. H. Powell, Lincolnshire Regiment (Bethnal Green, London)
    Driver E. Power, Royal Field Artillery (Castleford)
    Private L. Pragnell, Hampshire Regiment (Romsey)
    Lance Corporal C. Pratt, Royal Army Medical Corps (Birmingham)
    Private E. Pratt, Seaforth Highlanders (St. Andrews, Orkney)
    Corporal G. E. Pratt, Royal Engineers (Norwich)
    Corporal A. M. Precious, Machine Gun Corps (Bilton)
    Private S. E. Preeee, Shropshire Light Infantry (Condover, Salop)
    Sergeant A. Price, Royal Field Artillery (Hunslet)
    Private E. Price, Devonshire Regiment (Ottery S. Mary)
    Sergeant W. Price, Royal Army Medical Corps (Brookend)
    Air Mechanic, 1st Class A. Prideaux, Royal Flying Corps (Bristol)
    Private G. E. Prigmore, London Regiment (Barusbury)
    Sergeant E. Prime, Machine Gun Corps (Garforth)
    Private J. A. Prior, Lancashire Fusiliers (Hounslow)
    Gunner W. H. Prior, Royal Field Artillery (E. Gravesend)
    Private W. J. Pritchard, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Islington, London)
    Corporal T. Proffitt, Royal Field Artillery (Walsall)
    Acting Corporal H. E. Prosser, London Regiment (Bermondsey)
    Private H. Proudfoot, Yorkshire Regiment (Sunderland)
    Private F. Prouse Devonshire Regiment (Clovelly)
    Sergeant. E. Prowse, Devonshire Regiment (Redruth)
    Private W. L. Pugh, Grenadier Guards (Ynyshir, Glamorgan)
    Lance Corporal F. H. Pullan, Yorkshire Regiment (Halifax)
    Private H. Pumfrey, Grenadier Guards (Upton-on-Severn)
    Private J. Purcell, Shropshire Light Infantry (Shrewsbury)
    Sergeant D. Purdie, Machine Gun Corps (Edinburgh)
    Private R. Purdon, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Giffnock)
    Lance Corporal H. Purkiss, Hampshire Regiment (Tattenham)
    Private T. S. Purves, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Edinburgh)
    Private F. A. Pye, Shropshire Light Infantry (WrockwardineWood)
    Gunner N. Quigley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cowes, Isle of Wight)
    Gunner J. Quin, Royal Field Artillery (Gateshead-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant J. W. Quince, Lincolnshire Regiment (Gainsborough)
    Sergeant W. E. Quirk, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Wakefield)
    Acting Corporal G. W. Racey, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wisbech)
    Lance Corporal J. Rae, Royal Scots (Linlithgow)
    Sapper W. Rae, Royal Engineers (Glasgow)
    Sergeant J. Rafferty, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Gunner A. T. Rainbow, Royal Garrison Artillery (East Ham)
    Private T. Raistrick, West Riding Regiment (Manningham)
    Private F. E. Ralph, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Corporal C. Ralphs, Northumberland Fusiliers (Stoke-on-Trent)
    Private F. Ramsdale, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Private A. Ramsden, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Private F. Ramsden, Leicestershire Regiment (Mansfield)
    Driver F. H. Randall, Royal Field Artillery (Manor Park, London)
    Gunner L. Randall, Royal Garrison Artillery (Grantham)
    Corporal F. Rathbone, East Yorkshire Regiment (Seaton Hirst)
    Sapper R. Rathbone, Royal Engineers (Newcastle-on-Tyhe)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant G. J. Rawe, Labour Corps (Nottingham)
    Private W. Raybould, Royal Army Medical Corps (Aston)
    Private W. G. T. Rayner, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Wandsworth, London)
    Private H. Raynor, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (New Sawley)
    Gunner H. E. Read, Royal Field Artillery (Leigh-on-Sea)
    Corporal of Horse V. H. Read, Household Battalion (Kilnhurst)
    Lance Corporal A. Redall, Military Foot Police (Nechells)
    Lance Corporal W. Redhead, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Lancaster)
    Private P. Redmond, Irish Guards (Ferns, County Wexford)
    Sergeant W. Redmor, Yorkshire Light Infantry
    Sergeant H. Redpath, Royal Highlanders (Perth)
    Lance Corporal J. Regan, London Regiment (Stepney)
    Private C. Reid, Seaforth Highlanders (Lossiemouth)
    Sergeant F. Reid, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Penge, London)
    Sapper J. Reid, Royal Engineers (Woolwich)
    Private J. P. Reid, Machine Gun Guards (Forfar)
    Private A. Rennison, Lancashire Fusiliers (Tollerton)
    Gunner A. G. Rhodes, Royal Garrison Artillery (Tunbridge Wells)
    Gunner H. Rhodes, Royal Field Artillery (Woodford Green)
    Sergeant H. L. Richards, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Falmouth)
    Private W. E. P. Richards, Honourable Artillery Company (Marylebone)
    Sergeant E. H. Richardson, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Walsall)
    Lance Corporal T. Richardson, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Private W. Richardson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Corporal A. Riddles, Cheshire Regiment Duneton)
    Private A. Riding, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Manchester)
    Private A. H. Riley, Royal Scots (Whitefield)
    Bombardier H. O. Ripley, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Liverpool)
    Lance Corporal F. W. Rix, Suffolk Regiment (Bungay)
    Private T. Roach, York & Lancaster Regiment (Barnsley)
    Private F. Roberts, Leicestershire Regiment (Nuneaton)
    Sergeant G. A. Roberts, Leicestershire Regiment (Haggerstone)
    Private J. J. Roberts, London Regiment (Clapham Common)
    Sergeant D. Robertson, Gordon Highlanders (Stirling)
    Corporal J. Robertson, Royal Highlanders (Scone)
    Sergeant W. Robertson, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Romford)
    Private G. W. Robinson, Cameron Highlanders (Linlithgow)
    Sapper H. Robinson, Royal Engineers (Hulme)
    Sergeant J. Robinson, Yorkshire Regiment (York)
    Lance Corporal J. G. Robinson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Darlington)
    Private S. J. J. Robinson, Grenadier Guards (Bethnal Green, London)
    Private G. Robson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Witham)
    Lance Corporal J. Robson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Addison Colliery, Stella)
    Private J. Robson, Royal Fusiliers (Whitfield)
    Pioneer J. J. Robson, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Private R. Roden, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Chorley)
    Private J. Rodger, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Hawick)
    Private F. Rodgers, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Sheffield)
    Sergeant P. Rodgers, Machine Gun Corps (Huddersfield)
    Private A. Rogan, Royal Scots (Glasgow)
    Private C. J. Rogers, Royal Army Medical Corps (Abbots Langley)
    Private G. W. Ronson, Coldstream Guards (Garstang)
    Corporal D. E. Rose, Royal Garrison Artillery (Stratford)
    Private G. W. Rose, Suffolk Regiment (Chatteris)
    Sergeant W. Ross, Royal Field Artillery (Uphall)
    Private W. Ross, Border Regiment (Annan)
    Private O. Rossiter, Grenadier Guards (West Monkton)
    Gunner P. Rotherham, Royal Field Artillery (Birkdale)
    Private J. Rounding, West Riding Regiment (Driffield)
    Private W. T. Rout, Rifle Brigade (London)
    Corporal J. R. Routledge, Royal Field Artillery (Northallerton)
    Sergeant E. J. Rowe, Grenadier Guards (Walthamsfow)
    Corporal R. W. Rowell, Northumberland Fusiliers (Littleburn Colliery)
    Gunner A. H. Rowles, Royal Garrison Artillery (Bedwar)
    Bombardier R. Rowntree, Royal Field Artillery (HartJepool)
    Sergeant J. Roy, Gordon Highlanders (Lanarkhill)
    Lance Corporal L. Royle, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant W. J. Rumming, Coldstream Guards (Coine, Wiltshire)
    Private G. Rushforth, Border Regiment (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Private J. Rushford, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Avonbridge)
    Lance Corporal J. Rushton, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Blackburn)
    Private G. Russell, Highland Light Infantry (Holytown)
    Private J. Russell, Cameron Highlanders (Dundee)
    Corporal W. Russell, Royal Field Artillery (South Shields)
    Private H. Rust, Gordon Highlanders (Aberdeen)
    Sergeant R. C. Ruth, Royal Field Artillery (Bradford)
    Lance Corporal A. J. Ryan, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Worthing)
    2nd Corporal J. F. Rycroft, Royal Engineers (Seacombe)
    Sapper J. Rylance, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Sergeant G. H. Saddington, Royal West Kent Regiment (Canning Town)
    Private W. C. Sage, East Kent Regiment (Thornbury)
    Corporal A. J. Sale, Bedfordshire Regiment (Shiffprd)
    Driver A. Salmon, Royal Field Artillery (Walworth, London)
    Lance Corporal W. Salmon, Royal Sussex Regiment (Bishops Stortford)
    Gunner W. Salt, Royal Field Artillery (Walthamstow)
    Private T. Samson, Seaforth Highlanders (Kilmarnock)
    Private J. G. Sandbrook, Royal Army Medical Corps (Stockton-on-Tees)
    Gunner A. Sanders, Royal Field Artillery (Hinckley)
    Corporal C. H. Saunders, Border Regiment (Wimbledon)
    Private E. G. Saunders, Grenadier Guards (Chorleywood)
    Private A. Savage, Royal West Kent Regiment (Southall)
    Corporal R. Saville, Royal Field Artillery (Ipswich)
    Private C. W. Scase, Suffolk Regiment (Great Ashfield)
    Private T. W. Schofield, West Riding Regiment (Bradford)
    L.C. A. C. Scott, Gordon Highlanders (Aberdeen)
    Sergeant F. Scott, Gordon Highlanders (Aberdeen)
    Private H. J. Scott, Army Service Corps (Purley)
    Private R. Scott, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Mindrum, N.B.)
    Private A. H. Scroggs, Grenadier Guards (West Hendon)
    Sapper J. J. Scuffil, Royal Engineers (Dublin)
    Private D. Scutt, Royal Army Medical Corps (Portslade)
    Private H. J. Seago, Norfolk Regiment (Great Yarmouth)
    Private G. W. Seal, Royal Army Medical Corps (Berkhamstead)
    Air Mechanic, 1st Class E. Searson, Royal Flying Corps (Millom)
    Sergeant F. Sears, Grenadier Guards (Pimlico, London)
    Corporal T. Searson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Leicester)
    Private C. Sebry, Royal Army Medical Corps (Waiworth)
    Captain T. Seddon, Royal Engineers (Pendlebury)
    Sergeant W. G. Selfe, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Private L. Selwyn, Machine Gun Corps (Minsterworth)
    Gunner P. Senior, Royal Field Artillery (Batley)
    Private J. Sergent, Royal Army Medical Corps (Blackpool)
    Acting Lance Corporal H. Settle, West Riding Regiment (Oldham)
    Sergeant A. F. Seymour, Machine Gun Corps (Deptford)
    Private W. E. Seymour, London Regiment (Catford, London)
    Private G. Shakeshaft, Royal Army Medical Corps (Wellington)
    Sergeant H. Sharp, Royal Field Artillery (Bradford)
    Lance Corporal J. Sharman, Military Foot Police (Sandhurst)
    Gunner T. S. Sharman, Royal Field Artillery (Woolverstone, near Ipswich)
    Private A. Shaw, West Riding Regiment (Bradford)
    Private G. Shaw, Machine Gun Corps (Droylsden)
    Sergeant J. Shaw, Lancashire Fusiliers (Patricroft)
    Private S. H. Shaw, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Bombardier J. Sheard, Royal Field Artillery (Leeds)
    PK. W. E. Shearing, Royal Sussex Regiment (Granbourne)
    Private G. Sheldon, South Staffordshire Regiment (West Bromwich)
    Private L. Shellard, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Banbury)
    Private J. Shelley, Labour Corps (Fenton, Stoke-on-Trent)
    Sergeant R. Shepherd, Royal Field Artillery (Beverley)
    Private S. Shepherd, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dunston-on-Tyne)
    Private R. F. Sherfield, Grenadier Guards (Bentley, Hampshire.)
    Lance Corporal A. E. Sherratt, West Riding Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Gunner H. Sherratt, Royal Field Artillery (Brown Edge)
    Private Shields, Machine Gun Corps (Belfast)
    Sergeant T. Shields, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Manchester)
    Driver G. S. Ship, Royal Horse Artillery (Loddon)
    Driver J. T. Shipman, Royal Field Artillery (Sparkbrook)
    Private A. Shipp, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Haverhill)
    Private F. J. Shirley, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Handsworth)
    Gunner P. Shovlin, Royal Garrison Artillery (Campsie)
    Private T. Sidley, London Regiment (Islington)
    Driver G. Simblett, Royal Engineers (E. Jarrow)
    Lance Corporal R. A. Simcock, Royal Berkshire Regiment (Liverpool)
    Lance Corporal E. Simcox, South Staffordshire Regiment (Oldbury)
    Private W. Simcox, Shropshire Light Infantry (Newport)
    Private J. B. Simmons, Royal Fusiliers (Kentish Town)
    Private G. Simms, Northumberland Fusiliers (Grangetown)
    Private H. J. Simons, Middlesex Regiment (St. Ives)
    Private B. Simpson, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Sheffield)
    Private D. Simpson, Gordon Highlanders (Cardendean, Fife)
    Private H. Simpson, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private J. Simpson, Coldstream Guards (Accrington)
    Private R. Simpson, Machine Gun Corps (Lochgelly)
    Driver W. Sims, Royal Field Artillery (Bambledon)
    Driver W. J. Skelton, Royal Field Artillery (Lambeth)
    Corporal W. H. Skinner, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (E. London, Royal Engineers)
    Sergeant S. W. Skoyles, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Great Yarmouth)
    Private W. E. Skyrme, Labour Corps (Clifton-on-Teme, Worcester)
    Private J. G. Slack, York & Lancaster Regiment (Thornhill)
    Private G. Slater, Coldstream Guards (Sunderlanct)
    Private J. H. Slater, Border Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private W. Slater, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Wheatley)
    Sergeant A. Sleath, Leicestershire Regiment (Rothley)
    Private H. T. Sloan, Yorkshire Regiment (South Shields)
    Private S. Sloan, Royal Army Medical Corps (Hamilton)
    Corporal J. H. Sloman, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Kingsbridge)
    Private J. Small, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Private R. T. Small, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Lance Sergeant R. D. Smartt, Royal West Kent Regiment (Walthamstow)
    Corporal J. J. Smelt, York & Lancaster Regiment (Rotherham)
    Corporal A. Smith, Royal Army Medical Corps (Harwich)
    Private A. Smith, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (St. Neots)
    Private A. E. Smith, Royal Army Medical Corps (Halifax)
    Corporal A. G. Smith, Machine Gun Corps (W. Croydon)
    Sergeant C. E. Smith, Essex Regiment (Chatham)
    Private E. Smith, East Surrey Regiment (Sutton)
    Private F. Smith, West Yorkshire Regiment (York)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant F. T. Smith, West Yorkshire Regiment (W. Kensington)
    Private G. Smith, East Surrey Regiment (TE. l Codford)
    Sergeant H. Smith, London Regiment (Stepney)
    Private H. Smith, West Yorkshire Regiment (York)
    Private H. Smith, Norfolk Regiment (Clapham Park)
    Private H. Smith, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Tamworth)
    Driver H. S. Smith, Royal Horse Artillery (Stockton-on-Tees)
    Private J. Smith, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Dundee)
    Private J. Smith, South Staffordshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Sergeant J. Smith, Royal Field Artillery (Lye, Stourbridge)
    Lance Corporal J. Smith, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private J. E. Smith, Lincolnshire Regiment (Spalding)
    Private R. Smith, Royal Warwickshire Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Company (Bedford)
    Private S. Smith, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Oxford)
    Private T. Smith, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Acting Sergeant T. C. Smith, Royal West Kent Regiment (Dockhead, London)
    Corporal W. Smith, Royal Engineers (Harrogate)
    Lance Corporal W. Smith, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Connahs Quay, N. Wales)
    Private W. Smith, Yorkshire Regiment (Earl Shilton)
    Sergeant J. A. Smithson, Lancashire Fusiliers (Northfleet)
    Corporal F. Smoothy, Machine Gun Corps (Danbury)
    Gunner R. E. Snead, Royal Garrison Artillery (Preston-on-Tyne)
    Sapper A. Snell, Royal Engineers (Torpoint)
    Private S. T. Snelling, Machine Gun Corps (St. Mary)
    Private J. Snowball, Durham Light Infantry (Lower, Wellington)
    Private J. Snowden, West Riding Regiment (Bingley)
    Sergeant J. Sockett, Lancashire Fusiliers (Skelmersdale)
    Pur E. Sorensen, Royal Engineers (Cork)
    Private G. Souter, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private C. Southgate, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Bury St. Edmunds)
    Trooper A. H. Spalding, Household Battalion (Derby)
    Corporal A. J. Sparkes, Middlesex Regiment (Taunton)
    Air Mechanic, 1st Class C. B. Spicer, Royal Flying Corps (Dublin)
    Private W. W. Spicer, Grenadier Guards (Wareham)
    Lance Corporal A. Spinks, Machine Gun Corps (Islington)
    Private N. Spooner, Northumberland Fusiliers (Ashwell Plough)
    Lance Corporal W. T. Spraggs, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Lance Corporal W. W. Spriggs, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Ashton-on-Mersey)
    Private C. Spurr, York & Lancaster Regiment (Gawber)
    Sergeant F. J. Squire, Royal Field Artillery (Boscastle)
    Sapper W. J. Staines, Royal Engineers (Walworth)
    Corporal W. Stainsby, Royal Engineers (Nottingham)
    Private A. G. Stallard, Dorsetshire Regiment (Kentish Town)
    Private H. Stallard, Royal Army Medical Corps (Port Sunlight)
    Sergeant F. Stancliffe, Machine Gun Corps (Kirkheaton)
    Private S. J. Staniford, Royal Army Medical Corps (Berkhamstead)
    Private J. H. Starbuck, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Bardon Hill)
    Private S. Start, Machine Gun Corps (Southwark)
    Lance Corporal A. E.V. Statham, Royal Engineers (Norwich)
    Lance Corporal W. G. Steadman, Seaforth Highlanders (Crieff)
    Gunner H. C. Steele, Royal Field Artillery (Aston)
    Corporal R. J. Steele, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Sergeant J. Steeple, York & Lancaster Regiment (Rotherham)
    Private A. Stenning, Grenadier Guards (E. Dorking)
    Fitter J. W. Stephen, Royal Field Artillery (Aberdeen)
    Sergeant R. W. Stephens, Shropshire Light Infantry (Hereford)
    Private H. Stevenson, Grenadier Guards (Doncaster)
    Gunner G. Steward, Royal Garrison Artillery (Birmingham)
    Private P. Stewart, Essex Regiment (E. Cape.Town)
    Acting Sergeant J. F. Stiff, Suffolk Regiment (Bury St. Edmunds)
    Gunner L. T. Stillman, Royal Field Artillery (Chesham)
    Lance Corporal S. Stirling, Gordon Highlanders (Motherwell)
    Private T. H. Stirling, Seaforth Highlanders (Perth)
    Sergeant G. Stock, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cambridge)
    Corporal C. S. Stockbridge, London Regiment (Regents Park)
    Corporal C. Stockdale, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Sergeant W. H. Stbckdale, Royal Field Artillery (Kirkdale)
    Gunner H. H. Stokes, Royal Field Artillery (West Bromwich)
    Private W. Stokes, South Staffordshire Regiment (Darlaston)
    Sergeant C. W. Stolfer, Machine Gun Corps (Lowestoft)
    Driver F. G. Stone, Royal Field Artillery (South-sea)
    2nd Corporal J. Stones, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Sergeant H. Stoppard, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Chesterfield)
    Lance Corporal S. Stopps, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Huthwaite)
    Private W. Storey, Royal Sussex Regiment (Hoibeach)
    Private J. G. Stormont, Royal Army Medical Corps (Sunderland)
    Private T. Street, Coldstream Guards (Ashton-under-Lyne)
    Private W. Stringer, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Dewsbury)
    Able Seaman A. Stuart, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Crosshill)
    Sergeant T. Stuart, Manchester Regiment (Pemberton)
    Private H. T. Stubbings, Royal Sussex Regiment (Bishops Stortford)
    Sapper G. J. C. Stumbler, Royal Engineers (Birmingham)
    Gunner I. C. N. Sturgeon, Royal Garrison Artillery (Hepworth)
    Private H. Styler, Worcestershire Regiment (Redditch)
    Corporal D. Styles, Machine Gun Corps (Cambridge)
    Sergeant E. N. Sailings, London Regiment (Leytonstone)
    Lance Corporal J. W. Sunderland, West Riding Regiment (Hebden Bridge)
    Driver R. Sutherland, Royal Field Artillery (Everton)
    Private T. Button, South Staffordshire Regiment (Tipton)
    Lance Corporal R. Swain, Devonshire Regiment (Rochdale)
    Private R. A. Swales, Royal Army Medical Corps (York)
    Private D. H. Swanston, Machine Gun Guards (Leith)
    Sergeant W. T. G. Swarfield, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Croydon)
    Corporal E. Sweeney, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sligo)
    Private J. Sweet, Yorkshire Regiment (Shipley)
    Acting Sergeant S. J. Sweet, Military Foot Police (Devonport)
    Sapper H. Swift, Royal Engineers (Bath)
    Private J. Swift, Yorkshire Regiment (Huddersfield)
    Private A. Swindles, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Salford)
    Gunner J. T. Swinhoe, Royal Field Artillery (Birkenhead)
    Fitter Staff Sergeant J. Sym, Royal Garrison Artillery (Kilmarnock)
    Private C. Tandy, Lancashire Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Bombardier J. H. Tanner, Royal Field Artillery (Chelsea)
    Corporal H. Tannahill, Royal Irish Rifles (Dunmurry)
    Sapper A. J. Tarbath, Royal Engineers (Hereford)
    Bombardier J. Tate, Royal Field Artillery (Monkseaton)
    Lance Corporal H. G. Tavener, Somerset Light Infantry (Bristol)
    Sergeant A. V. Taylor, Royal Field Artillery (Hayes)
    Sergeant C. H. Taylor, Essex Regiment (Witham)
    Private F. Taylor, Machine Gun Corps (Hollingwood)
    Private G. H. Taylor, Northumberland Fusiliers (Norton)
    Private H. Taylor, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Private J. Taylor, Cameron Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Private J. Taylor, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Ferrybridge)
    Private J. W. Taylor, West Riding Regiment (Leeds)
    Corporal M. V. Taylor, Machine Gun Guards (Whitby)
    Sergeantl. R. Taylor, Royal Field Artillery (East dhinnock)
    Gunner S. Taylor, Royal Field Artillery (Earlsfield)
    Private S. Taylor, Northumberland Fusiliers (Hulme)
    Corporal V. Taylor, West Riding Regiment (Brighouse)
    Lance Corporal W. H. Taylor, Worcestershire Regiment (Brierley Hill)
    Sergeant H. Taylorson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Sacristan)
    Sapper W. Taziker, Royal Engineers (fmly. Seaforth Highlanders) (Atherstone)
    Sergeant F. J. Tebbitt, Royal West Kent Regiment (Kelvedon)
    Private J. Telfer, Border Regiment (Whitehaven)
    Private J. T. Telford, Leicestershire Regiment (Loughborough)
    Driver J. Terry, Royal Field Artillery (Hackney Wick)
    Driver W. Terry, Royal Field Artillery (Charing)
    Corporal H. Tetlow, Machine Gun Corps (Stockport)
    Private J. Thackeray, Yorkshire Regiment (Middlesbrough)
    Acting Bombardier V. G. Thew, Royal Garrison Artillery (Harrogate)
    Private L. Thistlethwaite, Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Private R. A. Thorn, British West Indies Regiment (Jamaica)
    Bombardier A. Thomas, Royal Field Artillery (Camberwell Green, London)
    Lance Corporal D. Thomas, West Yorkshire Regiment (Chester-le-Street)
    Lance Corporal G. Thomas, Royal Engineers (Highbury Park, London)
    Private H. Thomas, Middlesex Regiment (Hoxton)
    Corporal H. G. Thomas, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Victoria Park, London)
    Bombardier W. Thomas, Royal Field Artillery (Camberwell)
    Corporal A. G. Thompson, Grenadier Guards (Bristol)
    2nd Corporal A. W. Thompson, Royal Engineers (Norwich)
    Driver H. Thompson, Royal Field Artillery (Colchester)
    Lance Corporal J. Thompson, Royal Fusiliers (Birmingham)
    Sergeant J. T. Thompson, Grenadier Guards (Ipswich)
    Private W. Thompson, Lincolnshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Sergeant W, Thompson, London Regiment (Glasgow)
    Lance Corporal W. Thompson, Machine Gun Corps (Woodford Bridge)
    Private S. Thompstone, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Private D. Thomson, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dundee)
    Lance Corporal G. Thomson, Machine Gun Corps (Halifax)
    Sergeant L. I. Thomson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Newnham)
    Private W. Thomson, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Private G. Thorley, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Newcastle, Staffs.)
    Private T. Thornley, Cheshire Regiment (Bishopa Castle)
    Gunner W. Thornton, Royal Field Artillery (Bramley)
    Private F. H. Threadgold, Military Mounted Police (Sarsham)
    Corporal G. Thurlbeck, Royal Field Artillery (Darlington)
    Driver W. C. Thurston, Royal Engineers (Downham)
    Corporal J. Timson, Royal Field Artillery (Hull)
    Private J. Tinlin, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Berwick)
    Private S. Tinney, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Par)
    Corporal H. F. Tinsley, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Lance Sergeant R. Tippen, Gordon Highlanders (Newmilns)
    Acting Bombardier G. A. Toft, Royal Garrison Artillery (Seaham Harbour)
    Private P. Toman, Seaforth Highlanders (Stranraer)
    Pioneer F. Tomey, Royal Engineers (Bloomsbury)
    Private B. Tomlinson, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Clown)
    Private J. Tomlinson, Grenadier Guards (E. Malpas)
    Lance Corporal S. Tonkin, Honourable Artillery Company (Falmouth)
    Lance Corporal E. P. Toole, West Yorkshire Regiment (West Hartlepool)
    Driver G. H. Toon, Royal Field Artillery (Atherstone)
    Lance Corporal HQ Towers, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Dalton-in-Furness)
    Private H. G. Townshend, Norfolk Regiment (Hempnale)
    Corporal H. Towse, East Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Private A. Tran, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Dundee)
    Lance Corporal W. Treadwell, Gloucestershire Regiment (Atherstone)
    Sergeant E. S. Tresidder, Royal Field Artillery (South Woodford)
    Sergeant W. H. A. Trew, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Finsbury Park, London)
    Private J. F. Trigg, London Regiment (Islington)
    Pioneer J. Trillian DCM Royal Engineers (Chiswick, London)
    Gunner H. Triplow, Royal Field Artillery (Stotfold)
    Sergeant J. Troto, Royal Horse Artillery (Nr. Amersham)
    Private R. Trotter, Scots Guards (Lochgelly)
    Corporal F. Trueman, Machine Gun Corps (Cloncarish)
    Corporal I. Tuckey, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Rushden)
    Lance Corporal W. Tullie, Cameron Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Private J. Turnbull, Cameron Highlanders (Gilmerton)
    Gunner W. Turnbull, Royal Field Artillery (Pallion)
    Lance Corporal A. Turner, Royal Scots (Dolphinton, N.B.)
    Private A. Turner, Royal West Kent Regiment (Fulham)
    Private A. Turner, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Blackwell)
    Lance Corporal E. B. Turner, Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Corporal F. Turner, Machine Gun Corps (Rochdale)
    Private F. C. Turner, Army Cyclist Corps (Sowerby Bridge)
    Corporal G. Turner, Hampshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Lance Corporal H. H. Turner, Royal Army Medical Corps (Morley)
    Private J. Turner, Gordon Highlanders (Brechin)
    Private J. P. Turner, Northumberland Fusiliers (Long Eaton)
    Driver L. Turpin, Royal Field Artillery (Cambridge)
    Private W. Tween, East Surrey Regiment (Nr. Ongar)
    Sapper F. Tyler, Royal Engineers (Liverpool)
    Corporal P. Tynan, Irish Guards (Gladdah)
    Sergeant L. Type, Machine Gun Guards (Exmouth)
    Private H. T. Tyrrell, Royal West Kent Regiment (Leiston)
    Gunner N. Underwood, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cobham)
    Sergeant G. Upton, Cameron Highlanders (Staffs.)
    Private D. G. Urquhart, Gordon Highlanders (Inverness)
    Sergeant H. Uttley DCM Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Rotherham)
    Gunner C. Vallender, Royal Garrison Artillery (Lichfield)
    Sapper W. Vartey, Royal Engineers (Normanton)
    Private J. Varty, Coldstream Guards (Dunston)
    Acting Corporal G. Vaughan, Royal West Kent Regiment (E. Maidstone)
    Sergeant G. E. Vdcary, Royal Sussex Regiment (Lewes)
    Gunner C. A. Vieweg, Royal Garrison Artillery (Billericay)
    Gunner J. H. Vincent, Royal Field Artillery (Jarrow)
    Private C. Viney, Royal Army Medical Corps (Stanford)
    Private G. Vooe, Grenadier Guards (Stamford Hill, London)
    Sergeant R. W. Voller, Royal Garrison Artillery (Hastings)
    Private W. Voyce, Grenadier Guards (Gloucester)
    Bombardier A. Wagg, Royal Field Artillery (Loughton)
    Private E. Waghorn, Royal West Kent Regiment (Woolwich)
    Driver H. Wainwright, Royal Field Artillery (Sheffield)
    Lance Corporal W. Wainwright, Grenadier Guards (Mickleover)
    Sergeant L. J. Waldram, Durham Light Infantry (Nottingham)
    Private A. Wale, Coldstream Guards (Coventry)
    Private C. Walgate, Leicestershire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Lance Corporal . F. Walker, York & Lancaster Regiment (Kilnhurst)
    Private J. Walker, Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Sergeant J. W. Walker, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Castleford)
    Acting Sergeant C. Wallis, Lincolnshire Regiment (Bethnal Green, London)
    Private A. Wallond, Royal West Kent Regiment (West, Farleigh)
    Bte. C. Walsh, West Riding Regiment (Hebdem Bridge)
    Private A. Walters, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
    Sergeant W. W. G. Walters, Machine Gun Corps (Yarmouth)
    Sergeant B. Walton, Grenadier Guards (Grantham)
    Corporal G. A. Walton, Yorkshire Regiment (London
    Private A. A. Ward, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Lance Corporal F. Ward, Military Foot Police (Selby)
    Private G. Ward, Shropshire Light Infantry (Oakengates)
    Private H. Ward, Suffolk Regiment (Dronfield)
    Corporal J. F. Ward, RF.A. (Battersea)
    Private R. Ward, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dereham)
    Corporal W. Ward, Royal Garrison Artillery (Northampton)
    Driver J. Ware, Royal Field Artillery (Abercynon, Glamorgan)
    Lance Corporal T. L. Ware, Devonshire Regiment (Ottery St. Mary)
    Trooper A. E. Warner, Household Battalion (Englefield Green)
    Private A. Warren, Leicestershire Regiment (Croft)
    Lance Corporal H. C. Warren, Royal Engineers (Parkstone)
    Sergeant J. E. Warren, York & Lancaster Regiment (Woodhouse)
    Private S. Warrington, Northumberland Fusiliers (Altrincham)
    Private F. Waterfield, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Redhill)
    Private H. Waterhouse, Northumberland Fusiliers (Burley)
    Acting Corporal F. Waters, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Sergeant F. G. Waters, Rifle Brigade (Aldershot)
    Lance Corporal G. C. F. Waters, Royal Sussex Regiment (Wadhurst)
    Sergeant A. Waterworth, Machine Gun Corps (Oldham)
    Private T. Watkins, Northumberland Fusiliers (Swalxwell)
    Sergeant A. Watmough, Royal Field Artillery (Leeds)
    Private F. Watson, Labour Corps (Long-Bennington)
    Private H. Watson, Norfolk Regiment (King's Lynn)
    Corporal J. E. Watson, Royal Sussex Regiment (Hastings)
    Private M. Watson, Border Regiment (Arlecdon)
    Corporal W. Watson, East Yorkshire Regiment (Hull)
    Corporal A. S. Watts, Grenadier Guards (West Torwood, London)
    Lance Corporal J. Wayburn, Devonshire Regiment (Lynton)
    Private L. B. Weatherhead, Machine Gun Guards (Dundee)
    Private C. Webb, Suffolk Regiment (Sproughton)
    Lance Corporal E. Webb, West Yorkshire Regiment (Ashwell)
    Private W. Webb, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Handsworth)
    Sergeant A. Webster, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Burnley)
    Private C. D. Webster, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Gunner F. C. Webster, Royal Garrison Artillery (Dartford)
    Driver J. Webster, Royal Field Artillery (Liverpool)
    Private A. E. Wells, South Staffordshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Corporal E. H. Wells, Royal West Kent Regiment (Henley-on-Thames)
    Private W. Wells, Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (Banbury)
    Private F. Welton, Northumberland Fusiliers (Bury St. Edmunds)
    Gunner J. Welsh, Headquarters, Royal Field Artillery (Kensington)
    Private J. Welsh, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Coldstream)
    Private P. Welsh, West Yorkshire Regiment (York)
    Driver E. Wendrop, Royal Field Artillery (Limehouse)
    Sergeant H. W. Wentworth, Grenadier Guards (Thame)
    Private A. E. Weston, Worcestershire Regiment (Worcester)
    Lance Corporal A. Westwood, Royal Engineers (Rotherham)
    Corporal J. Westwood, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Oldhill)
    Private J. Wetherton, Coldstream Guards (Pontypridd)
    Private M. Whale, Machine Gun Corps (Taunton)
    Pioneer T. Whalley, Royal Engineers (Chorley)
    Sergeant H. G. Whant, Royal Field Artillery (Hungerford)
    Lance Corporal J. Wharton, Durham Light Infantry (Fencehouses)
    Sergeant J. Wheeler, Royal Field Artillery (Bicester)
    Lance Corporal G. Whiles, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Newark-on-Trent)
    Private E. Whitbread, Machine Gun Corps (Sandy)
    Private F. Whitby, Suffolk Regiment (March)
    Driver A. White, Royal Field Artillery (Exmouth)
    Gunner A. J. White, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Hull)
    Lance Corporal B. White, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private G. E. White, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Derby)
    Private R. White, Leicestershire Regiment (Leicester)
    Acting Bombardier S. White, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Devonport)
    Private W. White, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Sergeant F. Whitehead, Royal Engineers (Stretford)
    Sergeant T. Whitehead, Royal Garrison Artillery (Finslmry Park, London)
    Sergeant A. G. Whiteman, Royal Sussex Regiment (Sandy)
    Lance Corporal C. Whitmore, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Birmingham)
    Private H. Whithell, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Corporal G. Whittaker, Leicestershire Regiment (Shirebrook)
    Private C. Wnytje, Royal Highlanders (Guardbridge)
    Sapper W. G. Wiggins, Royal Engineers (Ladywell, London)
    Sergeant C. A. Wilcox, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Corporal C. Wilde, T. R. Battalion, attd. Machine Gun Corps (Heaton Norris)
    Private H. Wilde, London Regiment (Lefe, London)
    Sergeant J. Wilde, Machine Gun Guards (Cardiff)
    Sapper W. J. Wildgoose, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Private G. H. Wilding, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Monmouth)
    Sergeant A. H. Wileman, Royal Sussex Regiment (Luton, Bedfordshire)
    Sergeant E. Wilkinson, Royal Field Artillery (Openshaw)
    Sergeant E. Wilkinson, Royal Army Medical Corps (New Wortley)
    Private J. Wilkinson, Coldstream Guards (Ulverston)
    Private T. H. Wilkinson, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Ulverston)
    Driver J. Will, Army Service Corps (E. Dundee)
    Corporal C. Willatt, Coldstream Guards (Exmbuth)
    Private P. R. Willcocks, East Kent Regiment (Manchester)
    Sergeant A. J. Williams, Royal Field Artillery (Colchester)
    Lance Corporal F. Williams, Gloucestershire Regiment (Newent)
    Private G. Williams, Machine Gun Corps (Golcar)
    Private J. Williams, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Truro)
    Private J. F. Williams, Royal Army Medical Corps (Newton Abbot)
    Sergeant J. N. Williams, Devonshire Regiment (Rochdale)
    Private T. Williams, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Cannock)
    Chief Petty Officer W. G. Williams RN (Gosport)
    Private G. W. Williamson, Coldstream Guards, attd. Machine Gun Guards (Feltham)
    Private A. Willis, Northumberland Fusiliers (Manningham)
    Corporal B. Wilson, West Riding Regiment (Halifax)
    Gunner E. Wilson, Royal Field Artillery (Patricroft)
    Lance Corporal H. Wilson, Durham Light Infantry (Sunderland)
    Private J. R. Wilson, York & Lancaster Regiment (Beverley)
    Lance Corporal W. Wiltshire, Hampshire Regiment (Portsmouth)
    Corporal W. H. Wiltshire, Coldstream Guards (Plaistow, London)
    Private H. Wimblett, West Riding Regiment (Keighley)
    Private A. Wing, York & Lancaster Regiment (West Melton)
    Lance Corporal S. Wingfield, Northumberland Fusiliers (Pirixori)
    Sapper J. Winkle, Royal Engineers (Willenhall)
    Private J. Winn, Hampshire Regiment (Taunton)
    Private J. Winter, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Castleford)
    Private S. Winter, Leicestershire Regiment (Atherstone)
    Sergeant W. H. V. Winter, East Yorkshire Regiment (Market Weighton)
    Sapper H. Winton, Royal Engineers (Brighton)
    Private W. Wisdom, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Guildford)
    Sapper E. Witcutt, Royal Engineers (Walsall)
    Corporal T. Withers, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Leicester)
    Gunner W. G. Wollcbtt, Royal Field Artillery (Bridgwater)
    Lance Corporal A. Wolstenholme, Machine Gun Corpy (Blackburn)
    Private T. H. Womack, Suffolk Regiment (Kelsall)
    Corporal A. Wood, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Lancaster)
    Private A. Wood, Dorsetshire Regiment (Suhderland)
    Sergeant C. R. Wood, Army Service Corps (Islington)
    Driver F. W. Wood, Royal Field Artillery (Hanley)
    Sergeant F. W. Wood, York & Lancaster Regiment (Conisboro)
    Corporal H. Wood, Coldstream Guards (Befmondsey, London)
    Private H. Wobd, Worcestershire Regiment (Evesham)
    Sergeant H. Wood, Lancashire Fusiliers (Barnsley)
    Private J. Wood, East Surrey Regiment (Limehouse)
    Bombardier W. Wood, Royal Field Artillery (Uppermill, near Oldhana)
    Private W. A. Wood, Cheshire Regiment (Stockport)
    Private C. V. Woodall, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Cottingham)
    Lance Corporal A. Woodham, Military Foot Police (Salisbury)
    Lance Corporal C. W. Woods, Machine Gun Corps (Old. Woking)
    Sergeant J. Woodward, Machine Gun Corps (Dundee)
    Sergeant J. H. Woodward, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Sergeant F. Woolfson, Royal Field Artillery (Stone)
    Lance Corporal H. Woolham, West Yorkshire Regiment (Bradford)
    Sergeant H. Wootton, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Pontefract)
    Sergeant F. J. Wormald, Army Service Corps (Bedford)
    Private W. S. Worthington, Lancashire Fusiliers (Eccles)
    Lance Corporal J. Wotton, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Bow, London)
    Sapper H. Woulds, Royal Engineers (Keckwich Moor, Cheshire)
    Acting Corporal S. R. Wraight, Royal Field Artillery (Bow)
    Sergeant H. E. Wratten, Royal Engineers (Greenwich)
    Bombardier F. A. Wray, Royal Field Artillery (Kennington, London)
    Private A. Wright, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Sergeant A. I. Wright, Suffolk Regiment (Cherrihinton)
    Private E. Wright, Bedfordshire Regiment (Isleworth)
    Sapper F. Wright, Royal Engineers (Nottingham)
    Lance Corporal J. Wright, Royal Engineers (Warrington)
    Driver J. Wright, Royal Field Artillery (Greenwich)
    Private J. Wright, Northumberland Fusiliers (Earby, near Keighley)
    Sergeant R. Wright, Seaforth Highlanders (Westminster, London)
    Sergeant D. G. Wyatt, Rifle Brigade (Ipswich)
    Lance Corporal T. Wylie, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Paisley)
    Lance Corporal W. J. Teaman, Royal Irish Rifles (Carrowdore)
    Private J. Youdell, Border Regiment (West Hartlepool)
    Sapper A. D. Young, Royal Engineers (Kirrimuir)
    Lance Corporal G. J. Young, Machine Gun Corps (Shepherd's Bush)
    Private H. D. Young, Army Service Corps (York)
    Corporal J. Young, Royal Field Artillery (Hendy)
    2nd Corporal N. A. Young, Royal Engineers (Aberdeen)
    Private H. Youngman, Suffolk Regiment (Marlesford)
    Corporal W. Abbotts, Royal Field Artillery (Norwich)
    Private E. F. Abrahams, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Limehonse, London)
    Private F. Adams, Hampshire Regiment (Haggerston)
    Private T. Adlam, London Regiment (Peckham, London)
    Private T1 Adshead, Cheshire Regiment (E. Chester)
    Driver G. Ainsworth, Royal Field Artillery (Gorton)
    Private W. Alderson, Machine Gun Corps (Bishops Castle)
    Private T. C. Allan, Durham Light Infantry (E. Durham)
    Private A. Allen, Gloucestershire Regiment (Watchet)
    Lance Corporal W. Allsworth, London Regiment (Chiswick)
    Lance Corporal J. B. Ames, Cheshire Regiment (Cheltenham)
    Lance Corporal C. Amor, Royal Engineers (Mynach)
    Sapper W. Amos, Royal Engineers (Warrington)
    Gunner E. Amy, Royal Field Artillery (St. Saviours, Jersey)
    Private J. Anderson, Royal Army Medical Corps (Hirst Ashington)
    Driver W. F. Andrews, Royal Field Artillery (Shero borne)
    Gunner T. Armitage, Royal Garrison Artillery (York)
    Private H. Armstrong, London Regiment (Dungiven)
    Gunner J. Armstrong, Royal Field Artillery (Ryhope)
    Private W. Armstrong, Royal Army Medical Corps (Northwich)
    Lance Corporal G. Arnold, London Regiment (Braintree)
    Gunner C. Ashby, Royal Field Artillery (Hull)
    Driver E. W. Ashton, Royal Field Artillery (Caerphilly)
    Private J. Ashworth, Manchester Regiment (Bury)
    Sapper A. Atkins, Royal Engineers (Leicester)
    Private W. J. Auldjo, Northumberland Fusiliers (Felton)
    Private F. W. Ayling, London Regiment (Hove)
    Lance Corporal R. W. Aylward, Yeomanry (N. Kensington)
    Lance Corporal H. J. Back, Royal Sussex Regiment (Faversham)
    Private W. A. Bacon, London Regiment (Southwark Park Rd.)
    Private J. Baigent, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Woking)
    Private W. J. Bailey, Royal Army Medical Corps (Easton)
    Private F. Bainbridge, South Staffordshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Gunner J. Baines, Royal Field Artillery (Bolton)
    Private J. Baird, Cameron Highlanders (Stirling)
    Gunner H. Bakes, Royal Field Artillery (Hodthorpe)
    Private E. Baldwin, East Lancashire Regiment (Burnley)
    Private J. T. Ball, London Regiment (Reading)
    Sergeant J. H. A. Bannister, Labour Corpa (Plaistow)
    Sergeant G. E. Banting, London Regiment (Forest Gate)
    Private J. J. Barber, South Staffordshire Regiment (Smallthorne)
    Private A. E. Barker, Royal Marine Light Infantry (Sheffield)
    Private W. Barker, Manchester Regiment (Longsight)
    Corporal J. A. Barlow, Machine Gun Corps (Bethnal Green, London)
    Able Seaman T. Barrett, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Driver W. F. Barrett, Royal Field Artillery (Rotherhithe)
    Sergeant B. O. Barton, Yeomanry (Slymbridge)
    Private G. E. Barton, Royal West Kent Regiment (E. Chatham)
    Private E. Bastow, London Regiment (Bradford)
    Gunner W. Baurn, Royal Garrison Artillery (Middleton-in-Teesdale)
    Private S. J. Bayliss, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Corporal C. R. Bee, London Regiment (Nottingham)
    Sergeant H. Beetham, Lancashire Fusiliers (Collingworth)
    Private I. Bell, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant L. Bell, Northumberland Fusiliers (Haydon Bridge)
    Corporal G. Bennett, Royal Garrison Artillery (Olapham)
    Sapper J. Bennett, Royal Engineers (Colyton)
    Gunner S. W. Bennett, Royal Garrison Artillery (Oldbury)
    Sergeant G. H. Benning, Royal Field Artillery (Maidenhead)
    Private J. Bentley, London Regiment (Kennington)
    Sergeant S. C. Beet, London Regiment (Newington Butts)
    Gunner W. Best, Royal Garrison Artillery (Gravesend)
    Lance Corporal C. F. Bicknell, Royal Army Medical Corps (Tolworth, Surrey)
    Private G. Biddlecombe, Devonshire Regiment (Lyndhurst)
    Sergeant C. Bignell, Royal Field Artillery (London)
    Lance Corporal H. Bill, Leinster Regiment (Chapelizod)
    Sergeant S. A. Billett, Royal Field Artillery (Little Salsbury)
    Private H. J. Billingham, London Regiment (Dalston)
    Gunner J. Birchall, Royal Field Artillery (Widnes)
    Gunner W. Black, Royal Field Artillery (Belfast)
    Bombardier J. W. Blackby, Royal Field Artillery (Plumstead, London)
    Private L. Blake, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bemerton)
    Private E. Blankley, Durham Light Infantry (Loughborough)
    Private J. E. Board, London Regiment (Battersea Park)
    Private A. Bollen, London Regiment (Notting Hill)
    Lance Corporal W. M. Bolt, Devonshire Regiment (Chudleigh)
    Private H. E. Bond, Army Service Corps (Kingston-on-Thames)
    Private R. W. Booth, Royal Marine Light Infantry (Heanor)
    Lance Corporal R. Bosworth, Lancashire Fusiliers (Worcester)
    Able Seaman A. Bower, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Sheffield)
    Corporal W. C. Bowler, Royal Army Veterinary Corps (Kempston)
    Acting Sergeant W. H. Boyd, Military Mounted Police (Bridgton)
    Gunner J. Bradford, Headquarters, Royal Field Artillery (Bermondsey)
    Driver J. Bradley, Royal Field Artillery (Kidderminster)
    Sergeant J. J. Bradley, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (Glasgow)
    Sergeant E. A. Bramley, Royal Engineers (Newcastle)
    Private T. Bray, London Regiment (Tottenham)
    Private W. J. Brickwood, Royal Army Medical Corps (Horsham)
    Private L. G. Briers, Lancashire Fusiliers (Kentish Town)
    Sergeant H. G. Britten, Hampshire Regiment (Salisbury)
    Sergeant C. Broad, Yorkshire Regiment (Middlesbrough)
    Private B. G. Brown, Royal Army Medical Corps (Lower Edmonton)
    Driver E. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (Derby)
    Private H. Brown, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Farnborough)
    Sapper P. Brown, Royal Engineers (Polmont)
    Driver R. M. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (Carlisle)
    Acting Bombardier G. Buckingham, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cowley)
    Bombardier F. Buckley, Royal Field Artillery (Manchester)
    Private W. Buckley, Border Regiment (Maryport)
    Private F. Budgett, Gloucestershire Regiment (Frome)
    Bombardier G. Burdess, Royal Field Artillery (Dandon Colliery)
    Private J. T. Burford, Northumberland Fusiliers (Willington Quay)
    Private F. Burnett, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Broadwood Widger)
    Lance Corporal T. Burnett, East Lancashire Regiment (Colne)
    Sergeant J. Burney, Machine Gun Corps (Harras Moor)
    Pioneer C. E. Burrage, Royal Engineers (Great Yarmouth)
    Sergeant W. Burrows, Royal Field Artillery (Forest Gate)
    Private J. Bury, East Lancashire Regiment (Darwen)
    Private H. H. Butcher, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Dartford)
    Private J. Butcher, London Regiment (Walthamstow)
    Private R. Butcher, Royal Army Medical Corps (Crawley)
    Private B. Cadden, Cheshire Regiment (Wallasey)
    Acting Lance Corporal W. Cambray, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Newport, Mon.)
    Private J. Campbell, Machine Gun Corps (Wylam-on-Tyne)
    Driver B. H. Cantle, Royal Field Artillery (Lambeth)
    Driver A. Carmichael, Royal Field Artillery (Glenborg, N.B.)
    Private P. Carpenter, London Regiment (Westminster)
    Corporal C. Carr, Northumberland Fusiliers (Whittingham)
    Private J. Carroll, Royal Army Medical Corps (Old Cummock)
    Private J. Carter, Royal Dublin Fusiliers (E. Dublin)
    Corporal J. G. Cavey, Cheshire Regiment (Lewes)
    Private A. Chadwick, Machine Gun Corps (Liddall)
    Lance Corporal A. Chalmers, Gordon Highlanders (Wiehaw)
    Acting Corporal W. G. Chandler, Royal Field Artillery (Farncombe)
    Private H. A. Chapman, London Regiment (Streatham)
    Lance Corporal G. Charpey, Devonshire Regiment (Pimlico)
    Sergeant E. Christopher, Machine Gun Corps (Whitehaven)
    Sapper W. G. R. Clark, Royal Engineers (Paddington)
    Private A. Clarke, Rifle Brigade (Aldershot)
    Private A. J. Clarke, Royal Fusiliers (E. Acton)
    Private B. Clarke, North Staffordshire Regiment (Lichfield)
    Private C. V. Clarke, London Regiment (London)
    Sergeant H. S. Cliff, Royal Army Medical Corps (Torquay)
    Private L. Coates, British West Indies Regiment (Jamaica)
    Able Seaman B. Cobb, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Castleford)
    Able Seaman J. Cobbledick, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Ashington)
    Private C. Cocker, Northumberland Fusiliers (Humshaugh)
    Gunner H. S. Cockshott, Royal Garrison Artillery (Glessburn)
    Private E. Cohen, London Regiment (Hoxton)
    Gunner A. E. Coleman, Royal Field Artillery (E. Swindon)
    Private F. Coleman, London Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private H. Coles, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private W. Collier, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bolton)
    Private G. Collingwood, London Regiment (Highgate Rd.)
    Private R. C. Comley, South Staffordshire Regiment (Warmley)
    Private J. Connolly, East Lancashire Regiment (Newchurch-in-Rossendale)
    Sapper A. Connon, Royal Engineers (Aberdeen)
    Corporal F. J. Cook, Royal Garrison Artillery (Hurst Batch)
    Lance Corporal J. Cook, South Staffordshire Regiment (Cranbrook)
    Gunner S. Cooper, Royal Garrison Artillery (Nottingham)
    Sergeant E. Corkish, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Castletown)
    Gunner B. Coss, Royal Field Artillery (Stockport)
    Sapper W. Coutts, Royal Engineers (Comrie)
    Private H. Cowstdck, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Thornton. Heath)
    Sapper J. Cox, Royal Engineers (Bradley)
    Private T. Crank, Machine Gun Corps (Leigh)
    Private E. Crawshaw, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Blackburn)
    Sergeant J. E. Cree, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Chesterfield)
    2nd Corporal F. W. Greedy, Royal Engineers (Bridgwater)
    Lance Sergeant W. J. Crews, Machine Gun Corps (Okehampton)
    Bombardier W. Cribbin, Royal Field Artillery (Dublin)
    Private H. T. Croad, London Regiment (Westminster)
    Private A. S. Cross, Machine Gun Corps (Hull)
    Private L. Crowther, Manchester Regiment (Newton Heath)
    Lance Corporal S. Cutler, London Regiment (Southwark)
    Corporal J. Curran, Lancashire Fusiliers (Balford)
    Temp Bombardier, W. Curtis, Royal Marine Artillery (Chiswick)
    Acting Bombardier A. C. Daft, Royal Field Artillery (Cheltenham)
    Private S. T. Darch, Gloucestershire Regiment (Chessels)
    Lance Corporal E. Davies, Royal Engineers (Pontardulais)
    Lance Corporal H. C. Davies, Machine Gun Corps (Croydon)
    Private J. Davies, Labour Corps (Blackburn)
    Corporal R. Davies, Royal Army Medical Corps (Putson)
    Air Mechanic, 2nd Class F. F. Dawson, Royal Flying Corps (Metheringham)
    Acting Lance Corporal J. Dawson, North Lancashire Regiment (Bolton)
    Private C. G. Day, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Thorp)
    Lance Corporal J. A. Day, London Regiment (Wandsworth)
    Able Seaman. F. A. O. de Boltz, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Great Yarmouth)
    Sergeant J. A. Dearnley, Royal Field Artillery (Thurstonland)
    Sergeant W. G. Dedman, Royal Field Artillery (Abbeywood)
    Gunner E. Dempsey, Royal Field Artillery (Flixton)
    Private C. Desmond, Devonshire Regiment (Cork)
    Private F. H. Dobson, Royal Marine Light Infantry (Wragly)
    Gunner J. Dodd, Royal Garrison Artillery (Tunstall)
    Private F. J. Downing, Army Service Corps (Chaddesden)
    Sapper E. G. Drew, Royal Engineers (Horningloft)
    Private H. J. Drew, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Sergeant R. Driver, East Lancashire Regiment (Clitheroe)
    Sergeant G. Duckworth, Machine Gun Corps (St. Helens)
    Private J. Duffy, Manchester Regiment (Bury)
    Acting Bombardier T. Duffy, Royal Field Artillery (Sunderland)
    Private J. Duncan, Gordon Highlanders (Liverpool)
    Private M. B. Durham, Northumberland Fusiliers (Knottingley)
    Able Seaman J. Durie, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Fetter Cairn)
    Private J. T. Dyer, Manchester Regiment (Holinwood)
    Lance Corporal C. Dyker, Gordon Highlanders (Enzie)
    Lance Corporal A. Edgar, Gordon Highlanders (Eastfield by Annan)
    Bombardier J. Edwards, Royal Field Artillery (Hednesford)
    Lance Corporal C. F. Elliott, Northumberland Fusiliers (Acklington)
    Private V. F. Ellis, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Sherley)
    Sapper W. Elsdon, Royal Engineers (Northampton)
    Acting Sergeant D. Elwell, South Staffordshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Private F. G. Elwyn, Northumberland Fusiliers (Norwich)
    Corporal J. T. Emmerson, Royal Engineers (Grimsby)
    Private R. Emmett, London Regiment (Bermondsey)
    Driver R. Emms, Royal Field Artillery (Eberington)
    Private D. E. Evans, South Staffordshire Regiment (Treharris)
    Able Seaman S. Evans, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Swansea)
    Private A. H. Eve, Labour Corps (Chiswick)
    Private J. W. Everard, London Regiment (Fulham)
    Private H. Farrell, London Regiment (Bermondsey)
    Private G. Farrimond, Royal Army Medical Corps (St. Helens)
    Private F. Farrington, Border Regiment (Tyldesley)
    Corporal A. Fell, Machine Gun Corps (Worcester Park)
    Private W. Fellows, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Driver H. Fenton, Royal Field Artillery (Oldham)
    Lance Corporal J. Ferns, Gordon Highlanders (Campsie)
    Gunner P. Ferris, Royal Field Artillery (Glasgow)
    Sapper G. Fetherston, Royal Engineers (Sprotborough)
    Private P. T. Finlay, Yeomanry (Southfields, London)
    Sergeanti. J. H. Fisher, London Regiment (Finsbury Park)
    Private J. H. Fisher, West Yorkshire Regiment (Rotheiham)
    Bombardier G. Fitch, Royal Field Artillery (Ilford, London)
    Lance Corporal W. H. Fitton, Lancashire Fusiliers (Oldham)
    Sergeant H. Fitzgerald, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Private J. W. Flavell, South Staffordshire Regiment (Bilston)
    Able Seaman A. Flett, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Aberdeen)
    Gunner J. Flynn, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Cork)
    Gunner E. Ford, Royal Field Artillery (Mildenhall)
    Private A. Foster, Northumberland Fusiliers (Babblesworth)
    Lance Sergeantergeant G. C. Foster, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wednesbury)
    Private A. Foulis, West Yorkshire Regiment (Leeds)
    Sapper F. Fowler, Royal Engineers (Hull)
    Private J. Francis, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Church-Stoke)
    Sergeant J. T. French, Royal Engineers (Redruth)
    Pioneer W. Fryer, Royal Engineers (Stafford)
    Lance Corporal A. Fuller, Royal Sussex Regiment (Brede)
    Corporal C. Gallacher, Army Service Corps (Broughty Ferry)
    Private P. Gallagher, Yorkshire Regiment (Swinford)
    13 Private J. Gemmell, Seaforth Highlanders (Alloa)
    Corporal E. Gentle, Royal Garrison Artillery (Wood Green)
    Private G. J. Gentry, Royal Army Medical Corps (Tooting, London)
    Corporal T. Geraghty, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dublin)
    Acting Sergeant C. H. Gibbins, London Regiment (Brixton)
    Driver V. G. Gibbins, Royal Field Artillery (Rugby)
    Driver R. Gibbon, Royal Field Artillery (Durham)
    Driver H. S. Gibbons, Royal Field Artillery (Mile End, London)
    Petty Officer G. Gilfillan, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Port Glasgow)
    Private R. Gilson, London Regiment (Bermondsey)
    Sergeant G. A. Goode, Royal Engineers (Birmingham)
    Sergeant A. W. Goodman, London Regiment (Kennington)
    Bombardier F. Goodwin, Royal Field Artillery (Denton)
    Private G. Gordon, Gordon Highlanders, attd. Machine Gun Corps (Dufftown)
    Company Quartermaster Sergeant A. Graham, Army Service Corps (Hampstead)
    Sergeant R. Graham, East Lancashire Regiment (Blackburn)
    Bombardier J. R. Gray, Royal Field Artillery (Seaham Harbour)
    Private H. Green, Machine Gun Corps (London)
    Lance Sergeant M. E. Green, London Regiment (Dulwich)
    Private N. W. Green, Royal Army Medical Corps (Littletown, York)
    Pioneer W. T. Graenhill, Royal Engineers (Holloway)
    Private F. Greenwood, Border Regiment (Rochdale)
    Driver H. Greenwood, Royal Field Artillery (Bolton)
    Corporal J. Greenwood, Army Service Corps (Sheffield)
    Corporal S. Greenwood, Manchester Regiment (E. Stalybridge)
    Sergeant G. Gregson, East Lancashire Regiment (Brierfield)
    Private H. B. Griffiths, Royal Army Medical Corps (Shrewsbury)
    Sergeant T. Griffiths, Machine Gun Corps (Welshpool)
    Lance Corporal R. F. Grimsey, London Regiment (Kennington)
    Able Seaman J. Grosart, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Glasgow)
    Private A. Guest, Lancashire Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Private T. Guest, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Sapper T. J. Gunter, Royal Engineers (Clapton)
    Private F. Hall, Northumberland Fusiliers (Bradford)
    Private W. J. Hall, London Regiment (Upton Park)
    Corporal W. W. C. Hall, Royal Army Medical Corps (Liverpool)
    Bombardier S. Halliday, Royal Field Artillery (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Private J.Hardy, Northumberland Fusiliers (Eltringham)
    Private F. Harper, Manchester Regiment (Salford)
    Private T. Harrington, Manchester Regiment (Bradford)
    Corporal G. C. Harris, Royal Sussex Regiment (Chichester)
    Sergeant P. Harris, Devonshire Regiment (Axminster)
    Private S. J. Harris, Yeomanry (Avening)
    Lance Sergeant W. Harris, Lincolnshire Regiment (Lincoln)
    Corporal W. E. Harris, London Regiment (Queens Park)
    Private W. H. Harris, London Regiment (Athens, U.S.A.)
    Acting Sergeant W. H. Harris, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Aston)
    Lance Sergeant J. Harrison, Cheshire Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private S. E. Harrison, Border Regiment (Warrington)
    Driver E. Hartley, Royal Field Artillery (Macclesfield)
    Private F. G. Harvey, Worcestershire Regiment (Worcester)
    Private H. Harwood, Northumberland Fusiliers (Shepherd's Bush)
    Lance Corporal H. Hawkett, Royal Sussex Regiment (Westbourne Park)
    Corporal B. Hawkins, Royal Field Artillery (Islington, London)
    Private T. W. Hawkins, Army Service Corps (Corbridge-on-Tyne)
    Private J. Haynes, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Private J. W. Haynes, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (St. Neots)
    Sergeant H. E. Hayward, Royal Field Artillery (Fulham)
    Sergeant F. Heath, Manchester Regiment (Greenheys)
    Private G. Heath, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Sergeant J. H. Heath, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (St. Germans)
    Private H. Hedger, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Shackleford)
    Bombardier N. Hemingway, Royal Garrison Artillery (Halifax)
    Sapper G. A. Henderson, Royal Engineers (Stanhope)
    Quartermaster Sergeant R. G. Herbert, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Guildford)
    Private J. Higgins, East Lancashire Regiment (Chadderton)
    Corporal W. M. Hislop, London Regiment (Wallington)
    Lance Corporal W. A. Hitchcock, Devonshire Regiment (Tamerton Foliot)
    Corporal F. W. H. Hoare, Welsh Regiment (Boror, London)
    Private D. Hobin, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private C. Hockley, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Hambledon)
    Able Seaman J. H. D. Hogg, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (South Byker)
    Private A. Holland, Leinster Regiment (Ludlow)
    Private J. S. Hollidge, Norfolk Regiment (St. Leomardson-Sea)
    Gunner J. Hollobone, Royal Garrison Artillery (Eastbourne)
    Private A. H. J. Hooper, London Regiment (Poplar)
    Lance Corporal A. E. Hopton, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bristol)
    Private T. Horrocks, Royal Army Medical Corps (Liverpool)
    Gunner W. Horsfield, Royal Field Artillery (Bradford)
    Lance Corporal F. H. Houghton, Dorsetshire Regiment (Arlisey)
    Corporal W. Houlder, Royal Field Artillery (Churwel)
    Sergeant T. How, London Regiment (Rotherhithe)
    Gunner W. C. How, Royal Field Artillery (Willesden)
    Gunner J. Howarth, Royal Marine Artillery (Anfield)
    Private E. Howe, Royal Army Medical Corps (Richmond)
    Corporal W. G. Hawan, Royal Garrison Artillery (Wetherby)
    Sergeant J. J. Howlett, Suffolk Regiment (Caens)
    Sergeant H. Hubbard, Royal Army Medical Corps (West Croydon)
    Private A. Hudson, Cheshire Regiment (Gheadte Hulme)
    Corporal W. G. Hudson, Gloucestershire Regiment (Bedminster)
    Gunner G. Hughes, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Cardiff)
    Private J. Hughes, Rifle Brigade (Dunchurch)
    Private R. Hughes, Labour Corps (Deganwy)
    Bombardier R. J. Hughes, Royal Field Artillery (Baling)
    Gunner W. J. Hughes, Royal Field Artillery (Rhyl)
    Lance Corporal F. C. Hulbert, Border Regiment (Kensal Rise)
    Driver J. Hurdus, Royal Field Artillery (Oldham)
    Sergeant J. Hurley, East Lancashire Regiment (Church)
    Driver A. Ireland, Royal Field Artillery (St. Andrews)
    Private J. Isherwood, Machine Gun Corps (Black-Burn)
    Corporal J. Jackson, Royal Engineers (Blackburn)
    Sergeant J. A. Jackson, Royal Engineers (Knuteford)
    Lance Corporal W. D. Jackson, Military Foot Police (Birmingham)
    Driver G. Jarvis, Royal Field Artillery (Marley)
    Private S. E. Jasper, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Gamelford)
    Sergeant J. Jeffrey, Royal Field Artillery (Blackburn)
    Gunner W. J. Jessop, Royal Garrison Artillery (W. Kilburn)
    Lance Corporal O. Jobson, Army Cyclist Corps (Newburn-on-Tyne)
    Private A. E. Johnson, Yorkshire Regiment (Scarborough)
    Private P. Johnson, London Regiment (Islington)
    Private J. Johnson, Machine Gun Corps (Stockport)
    Corporal S. H. Johnson, London Regiment (Margate)
    Private H. E. Joines, London Regiment (Banbury)
    Private A. L. Jones, Royal Army Medical Corps (Ferndale)
    Gunner R. Jones, Royal Garrison Artillery (Cardiff)
    Acting Sergeant R. Jones, Gordon Highlanders (Liverpool)
    Driver T. Jones, Royal Field Artillery (Orrell)
    Private G. Kay, East Lancashire Regiment (Blackburn)
    Private J. W. Kay, Manchester Regiment (Burnley)
    Sapper E. J. A. Keairns, Royal Engineers (Urmston)
    Corporal E. Kearsley, Royal Field Artillery (Limerick)
    Private J. B. Kearton, Northumberland Fusiliers (Butterknowle)
    Private W. Kemp, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders (Camelon)
    Corporal C. A. Kemps, Royal Garrison Artillery (Biggieswade)
    Sergeant J. Kendall, Worcestershire Regiment (Dudley)
    Lance Corporal R. Kendrick, South Staffordshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Private E. S. Kenward, Royal Sussex Regiment (Polegate)
    Lance Corporal f. G. Kenwood, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Walworth)
    Private W. Kenyon, Manchester Regiment (Royton)
    Private J. Kerr, Machine Gun Corps (Kilmarnock)
    Sergeant C. F. W. Kightley DCM Royal Engineers (Highgate, London)
    Private A. S. Kilgour, London Regiment (Birmingham)
    Sergeant A. Kimberley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Slough)
    Sergeant G. King, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (Belfast)
    Private W. G. King, Yorkshire Regiment (Gardham Etton)
    Sergeant W. T. King, Royal Field Artillery (Walthamstow)
    Private J. H. Kneale, East Lancashire Regiment (Barrow-in-Furness)
    Lance Corporal W. E. Knowles, Yeomanry (Morecambe)
    Private J. Laidler, Northumberland Fusiliers (Forest Hall)
    Lance Corporal J. H. Lane, Yeomanry (Hartpury)
    Private E. G. Laverick, London Regiment (Lambeth)
    Sapper R. Lawlor, Royal Engineers (Wallsend-on-Tyne)
    Sergeant A. E. Lawrence, Royal Field Artillery (Dalston, Carlisle)
    Sapper R. Laws, Royal Engineers (Newcastle)
    Lance Corporal F. C. Lax, Royal Engineers (Stockton-on-Tees)
    Private J. Ledger, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Horley)
    Private A. C. J. Lee, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Milton)
    Sergeant G. Lee, Royal Field Artillery (Merton, London)
    Private T. Lee, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Exeter)
    Private B. Leeman, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Grimsby)
    Private S. Leiken, Machine Gun Corps (Portsea)
    Sergeant P. F. le Vedere, Royal Garrison Artillery (St. Aubins, Jersey)
    Private A. E. Leversuch, London Regiment (Deptford)
    Lance Corporal W. J. Lewis, Gloucestershire Regiment (Twickenham)
    Sergeant W. T. Lewis, Royal Field Artillery (Roath)
    Acting Corporal W. Lilley, Royal Field Artillery (Ryhope)
    Sergeant M. Limbrick, Royal Garrison Artillery (Australia)
    Sergeant A. Livingston, Royal Field Artillery (Ballachulish)
    Sergeant P. Loctett, Manchester Regiment (Manchester)
    Gunner J. Logan, Royal Field Artillery (Hebburn-on-Tyne)
    Private E. V. Long, London Regiment (Hackney)
    Sapper J. Longton, Royal Engineers (Chorley)
    Private W. G. Lorraine, Gloucestershire Regiment (Colchester)
    Private B. Lovell, Royal Sussex Regiment (Chatham)
    Private G. E. R. Levering, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Poplar)
    Sergeant J. R. Lowderi, Royal Garrison Artillery (Plympton)
    Sergeant G. J. Lowry, Royal Field Artillery (Streatham Hill)
    Private A. M. Lucas, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Coventry)
    Sergeant E. Luke, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Wadebridge)
    Private W. Mackie, Machine Gun Corps (Larkhall)
    Private W. C. Madley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Barnsbury, London)
    Gunner E. Mahy, Royal Field Artillery (St. Sampsons, Guernsey)
    Corporal F. Maidment, London Regiment (Salisbury)
    Able Seaman A. Malkin, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Monkbretton)
    Sergeantf. H. Manley, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Taunton)
    Sapper J. E. Mann, Royal Engineers (Hull)
    Private L. P. Mansell, South Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Sergeant R. N. Marchant, Royal Army Medical Corps (Sevenoaks)
    Corporal H. Marsn, Machine Gun Corps (Edge Hill)
    Corporal N. Marsh, Royal Field Artillery (Old Trafford)
    Private C. Marshall, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Farnham)
    Gunner F. J. Marshall, Royal Garrison Artillery (Hayworthington)
    Private J. Martin, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Thurlow)
    Private C. Mason, Border Regiment (Manchester)
    Private J. R. Matheson, Gordon Highlanders (Ullapool)
    Lance Corporal J. Matthews, Devonshire Regiment (Witheridge)
    Private G. Maughan, Northumberland Fusiliers (Beamish)
    Private J. Maxwell, Northumberland Fusiliers (Gateshead)
    Driver J. May, Royal Field Artillery (Sacriston)
    Private J. W. May, Royal Engineers (Newcastle)
    Private H. McCann, Royal Army Medical Corps (Smithone Cry, by Glasgow)
    Corporal E. McCormick, Royal Field Artillery (Kirkdale)
    Private M. J. McDermott, London Regiment (Dundalk)
    Private R. McElroy, Border Regiment (Manchester)
    Corporal T. McGlynn, East Lancashire Regiment (Burnley)
    Sergeant A. H. McGowan, Royal Field Artillery (Leith)
    Lance Corporal J. A. McGrath, North Staffordshire Regiment (Lancaster)
    Gunner F. McHale, Royal Field Artillery (Bradford)
    Sapper R. McHugh, Royal Engineers (South Shields)
    Sergeant J. McManus, Manchester Regiment (Walkden)
    Private J. McMillan, London Regiment (Glasgow)
    Private P. McQuade, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (Paisley)
    Private M. Meehan, Royal Army Medical Corps (Ferryhill)
    Private W. Mellor, Royal Army Medical Corps (Oldham)
    Acting Lance Corporal W. V. Mercer, Machine Gun Corps (Garston)
    Lance Sergeant J. Merrington, Essex Regiment (Sutton, Bedfordshire)
    Sergeant J. Merrins, Royal Dublin Fusiliers (Balitore, County Kildare)
    Private D. M. Meston, Royal Army Medical Corps (Roslyn, Midlothian)
    Private W. E. Metcalfe, Northumberland Fusiliers (Birtley)
    Sergeant H. Mildenhall, Royal Field Artillery (Teddington)
    Private W. R. Mills, Yeomanry (Enfield)
    Lance Corporal R. Milne, Gordon Highlanders (Bridge of Marnock)
    Gunner D. Mitchell, Royal Field Artillery (Holywell Brook)
    Lance Corporal G. W. Moat, Cheshire Regiment (Sheffield)
    Driver H. Monk, Royal Field Artillery (Newport, Essex.)
    Lance Corporal W. Monk, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Minehead)
    Lance Corporal J. Moore, Royal Engineers (Looe)
    Sapper W. H. Moore, Royal Engineers (Bristol)
    Able Seaman W. E. Mordue, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Blyth)
    Corporal W. H. Morgan, Yorkshire Regiment (Middlesbrough)
    Private J. W. Morris, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bethnal Green)
    Sergeant T. Morris, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (Moneymore)
    Sergeant W. Morris, Manchester Regiment (Cohgleton)
    Corporal L. Mount, Machine Gun Corps (Barrowford)
    Sergeant J. Mountain, Lincolnshire Regiment (Grimsby)
    Corporal W. Mountain, Royal Engineers (Sheffield)
    Sapper J. Mullaney, Royal Engineers (Sligo)
    Private J. B. Murdoch, Gordon Highlanders (Edinburgh)
    Lance Corporal H. Nadin, Cheshire Regiment (Chesterfield)
    Acting Lance Sergeant A. Nash, Gordon Highlanders (Altrincham)
    Private H. W. Nash, Royal Marine Light Infantry (High Wycombe)
    Private L. C. Newbury, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burtonn-Trent)
    Sapper J. Newton, Royal Engineers (E. Lichfield)
    Sergeant J. R. Newton, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bishop Auckland)
    Private J. Nichols, London Regiment (Woolwich)
    Corporal R. Noonan, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Wigan)
    Driver A. W. Norton, Royal Field Artillery (Walthamstow)
    Sergeant W. A. Nowers, Royal Army Medical Corps (Canterbury)
    Private J. Olver, London Regiment (Forest Gate)
    Private F. O'Sullivan, Lancashire Fusiliers (Newport)
    Sergeant S. E. Oxborrow, Machine Gun Corps (Shirley)
    Private F. J. N. Page, London Regiment (Kingston)
    Gunner W. Page, Royal Field Artillery (Pentonville)
    Sergeant A. E. Palmer, Yorkshire Regiment (Peckharn)
    Bombardier W. J. Palmer, Royal Garrison Artillery (Dover)
    Corporal T. Parish, London Regiment (Chelsea)
    Sergeant W. Parkes, Royal Field Artillery (West Hartlepool)
    Able Seaman G. Parkinson, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Ryton-on-Tyne)
    Lance Corporal N. Parkinson, Machine Gun Corps (Wilsey)
    Private A. L. Parry, Labour Corps (Bethesda)
    Lance Sergeant E. E. Parry, Royal Army Medical Corps (Chorlton-on-Medlock)
    Lance Corporal F. Parsons, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Oldham)
    Private R.Patterson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Lesbury)
    Sergeant H. Payne, Royal Field Artillery (Plymstock)
    Private M. Payne, Manchester Regiment (Oldham)
    Gunner H. Peacock, Royal Field Artillery (Hebburn-on-Tyne)
    Private J. H. Peacock, Border Regiment (Darlington)
    Bombardier G. E. A. Peake, Royal Garrison Artillery (Peterborough)
    Driver A. Pearce, Royal Field Artillery (Nettlestead)
    Private C. K. Pearman, Northumberland Fusiliers (Cambridge)
    Pioneer J. Pearson, Royal Engineers (Grimsby)
    Private T. Pencott, Northumberland Fusiliers (Hexham-on-Tyne)
    Gunner J. Pennington, Royal Field Artillery (Eastbourne)
    Lance Sergeant W. H. Penrose, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Lamorna)
    Acting Bombardier C. Perrett, Royal Field Artillery (E. Deptford)
    Lance Corporal G. Peskett, Royal West Kent Regiment (Greenwich)
    Gunner F. G. Phelps, Royal Field Artillery (Box)
    Sergeant H. Phipps, Gloucestershire Regiment (Little Compton)
    Sergeant W. J. Pidgeon, Gloucestershire Regiment (Torquay)
    Private D. Pilgrim, Machine Gun Corps (Sudbury)
    Private C. J. Piper, Royal Fusiliers Bampstead)
    Lance Corporal H. G. Pitcher, Royal Fusiliers (Hanwell)
    Corporal S. H. Platel, Royal Flying Corps (Brixton Hill)
    Private R. Plumridge, Royal Army Medical Corps (High Wycombe)
    Lance Corporal S. F. Plush, Royal Engineers (S. Bermondsey)
    Gunner T. Pomfret, Royal Garrison Artillery (Lower Darwin)
    Private G. R. Pooley, Yeomanry (Stoke Newington)
    Petty Officer A. D. Porter, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Limehouse)
    Lance Corporal E. A. Porter, London Regiment (Southwark)
    Corporal R. Pugh, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Tylorstown)
    Private T. S. Purcell, Royal Army Medical Corps (New York)
    Gunner J. W. Raine, Royal Field Artillery (Hebburn)
    Corporal A. Randall, North Staffordshire Regiment (Walsall)
    Private S. Redford, London Regiment (Highgate)
    Lance Corporal E. H. Redhead, London Regiment (Ilfoid)
    Sergeant G. Redhead, Royal Engineers (Leamington)
    Sapper G. Reece, Royal Engineers (Rainham)
    Private G. W. Reed, Manchester Regiment (Chorlton-cum-Hardy)
    Pioneer G. W. Rees, Royal Engineers (Grimsby)
    Sergeant A. W. Reid, Royal Garrison Artillery (Old Kent Road, London)
    Private A. Rhodes, Cheshire Regiment (Stockport)
    Private C. Ribbits, Northumberland Fusiliers (Ratcliff)
    Gunner A. W. Richardson, Royal Garrison Artillery (Haswell, Oxford)
    Private E. G. Richardson, London Regiment (Forest Gate)
    Driver J. Richardson, Royal Field Artillery (Church)
    Sergeant R. Ridpeath, Northumberland Fusiliers (Beal)
    Sergeant L. J. Rivett, Royal Field Artillery (Stratford)
    Private C. W. Roake, London Regiment (West Newington)
    Sapper G. W. Roberts, Royal Engineers (Eastbourne)
    Leading Seaman W. Roberts, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Larbert)
    Lance Corporal T. Robertson, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Ayr)
    Private L. A. Robeson, London Regiment (Anerley)
    Lance Corporal J. Robinson, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Sergeant R. Roche, Leinster Regiment (Drogheda)
    Private F. Rogers, Northumberland Fusiliers (Sheffield)
    Lance Corporal F. A. Rogers, Gloucestershire Regiment (Pice)
    Lance Corporal W. Rooney, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Bombardier S. Roper, Royal Field Artillery (Balham, London)
    Private G. C. Ross, London Regiment (Poplar)
    Sergeant W. R. Rowe, Machine Gun Corps (Devonport)
    Corporal F. W. Rowland, Labour Corps (East Ham)
    Driver W. Rowlands, Royal Field Artillery (Conway)
    Sergeant S. Rudd, Northumberland Fusiliers (Blythe)
    Sergeant L. F. Rudlington, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Ttent)
    Private H. E. Rushton, Royal Army Medical Corps (Ashbourne)
    Private E. Russell, South Staffordshire Regiment (Darlaston)
    Private F. Russell, London Regiment (St. James's)
    Private A. Ryder, Machine Gun Corps (Preston)
    Sapper M. O. Ryan, Royal Engineers (Limerick)
    Private T. Salt, Royal Marine Light Infantry (Newcaatle-under-Lyme)
    Private H. J. Sanders, Royal Army Medical Corps (Kettering)
    Private G. Sawyers, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Caterham Valley)
    Gunner A. Sayers, Royal Garrison Artillery (Glasgow)
    Sergeant C. S. Scott, Royal Field Artillery (Rowlands)
    Gunner D. Scott, Royal Field Artillery (Glenisla)
    Lance Corporal H. W. Scott, London Regiment (Walthamstow)
    Private W. Scott, Royal Army Medical Corps (Selkirk)
    Sapper W. G. Scott, Royal Engineers (Exeter)
    Private F. C. Scrivener, Middlesex Regiment (Hatfield Peverel)
    Private W. F. Seals, Northumberland Fusiliers (Berwick)
    Corporal C. Sears, Labour Corps (Teddington)
    Lance Corporal S. J. Sears, Royal West Kent Regiment (Wrotham Heath)
    Private W. Shannon, Royal Army Medical Corps (Derby)
    Private A. Sharpe, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Private G. S. Sharp, North Lancashire Regiment (Wigan)
    Sapper W. D. Sharp, Royal Engineers (Melrose)
    Sapper E. Sheffield, Royal Engineers (Peterborough)
    Lance Corporal G. H. Shepherd, Northumberland Fusiliers (Kirby-in-Ashfield)
    Private W. Sheppard, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Penarth)
    Sergeant A. V. Sheringham, Royal Garrison Artillery (London)
    Acting Sergeant B. Shires, Yorkshire Regiment (West Hartlepodl)
    Able Seaman F. Shilan, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Ashington)
    Sergeant W. L. Shortridge, Royal Engineers (Bidworth)
    Sapper E. Simmons, Royal Engineers (Blythe)
    Petty Officer J. Simpson, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Private F. Sims, Royal Army Medical Corps (E. Huddersfield)
    Private W. M. Sinclair, Durham Light Infantry (Consett)
    Sergeant R. E. Skinner, Royal Sussex Regiment (Hove)
    Sergeant W. Skinner, Royal Horse Artillery (Inverness)
    Private W. A. Skitter, London Regiment (Tottenham)
    Sapper C. Smart, Royal Engineers (Dulwich)
    Corporal A. P. Smith, London Regiment (Motherwell)
    Private C. Smith, Manchester Regiment (Stockport)
    Gunner C. L. Smith, Royal Field Artillery (Gatley)
    Sergeant F. Smith, Royal West Surrey Regiment (Rye)
    Sapper G. R. Smith, Royal Engineers (Sutton-on-Sea)
    Private H. Smith, Manchester Regiment (Salford)
    Sapper H. Smith, Royal Engineers (Walsall)
    Private J. Smith, West Riding Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Company (E. York)
    Private R. J. Smith, London Regiment (Fulham)
    Driver T. Smith, Royal Field Artillery (Exeter)
    Corporal W. C. Smith, Northumberland Fusiliers (Wall-on-Tyne)
    Private R. Snape, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Birkenhead)
    Private F. Soden, Machine Gun Corps (Warwick)
    Private H. Spence, Royal Army Medical Corps (Oldham)
    Driver R. Spence, Royal Field Artillery (Letham)
    2nd Corporal T. A. Spires, Royal Engineers (Newcastle)
    Private H. C. Stables, Royal Army Medical Corps (Halifax)
    Gunner H. O. Stacey, Royal Garrison Artillery (Box)
    Private T. Stafford, Royal Army Medical Corps (Newcastle-on-Tyhe)
    Sapper W. Stanley, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Corporal F. Staples, Royal Garrison Artillery (Crewkerne)
    Lance Sergeant H. Stedman, Lancashire Fusiliers (Burslem)
    Private J. T. Steel, Northumberland Fusiliers (Alwick)
    Pioneer R. Stephenson, Royal Engineers (Hull)
    Corporal F. J. Stevens, Royal Army Medical Corps (Margate)
    Private H. T. Stevens, East Surrey Regiment (E. Watford)
    Driver H. Stevenson, Royal Field Artillery (Kilmaurs)
    Driver Sergeant W. Stevenson, Scots Guards (Pimlico, London)
    Gunner J. Stoddart, Royal Garrison Artillery (E. Errogie)
    Bombardier J. Stokoe, Royal Field Artillery (Hetton-le-Hole)
    Gunner C. E. Stone, Royal Field Artillery (Sutton-in-Ashfield)
    Sergeant A. Story, Royal Field Artillery (Heaton)
    Private J. A. Stott, Yeomanry (Slough)
    Gunner A. J. Stow, Royal Field Artillery (Upper Edmonton)
    Private L. H. Stratton, Essex Regiment (Ecchinswell)
    Private J. Stuart, Gordon Highlanders (Glasgow)
    Private W. J. Sturdy, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Corporal A. G. Swan, Royal Engineers (Northampton)
    Lance Corporal R. Swann, Royal Engineers (Finsbury)
    Driver W. Sweeney, Royal Field Artillery (Newport, Hon)
    Bombardier A. Swinnerton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Stepney)
    Driver C. Sullivan, Royal Field Artillery (Bexley Heath)
    Private W. E. J. Sully, Royal Marine Light Infantry (Nailsbourne)
    Private T. Taaffe, Royal Army Medical Corps (Louth, County Lough)
    Private S. Taft, Northumberland Fusiliers (Mansfield)
    Private A. A. Tarr, Northumberland Fusiliers (Sheffield)
    Corporal F. A. Taylor, Royal Field Artillery (Gravesend)
    Gunner F. F. Taylor, Royal Garrison Artillery (Higginshaw)
    Acting Sergeant J. Taylor, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (Pembroke)
    Corporal R. Taylor, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Bangor)
    Corporal T. E. Taylor, Royal Engineers (Manchester)
    Private J. Tearce, Royal Army Medical Corps (Newcastle)
    Private J. Telford, Machine Gun Corps (Durham)
    Private J. H. Terry, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Nottingham)
    Sergeant F. Tetiow, Lancashire Fusiliers (Oldham)
    Private E. Thomas, Lancashire Fusiliers (Chester)
    Gunner M. Tierney, Royal Garrison Artillery (Ennis)
    Corporal W. B. Tiflen, Northumberland Fusiliers (Stocksfield-on-Tyne)
    Gunner A. E. Tilley, Royal Garrison Artillery (Peterboro)
    Private W. Tilley, Machine Gun Corps (Great Bridge)
    Private W. Timson, South Staffordshire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private E. Titchener, Manchester Regiment (Lambeth,, London)
    Private J. W. Todd, Northumberland Fusiliers (Darlington)
    Corporal J. H. Topliss, Cheshire Regiment (Grimsby)
    Pioneer T. C. Towers, Royal Engineers (Orkney)
    Lance Corporal A. Tribe, Royal Engineers (E. Chatham)
    Sapper W. Trodd, Royal Engineers (Wandsworth)
    Driver H. E. Tucker, Royal Field Artillery (Sittingbourne)
    Lance Sergeant E. H. Tumner, London Regiment (Maiden)
    Sergeant C. H. D. P. Turnbar, Royal Garrison Artillery (Southall)
    Private A. J. Turton, Devonshire Regiment (Canning Town)
    Sergeant A. J. Tyler, London Regiment (Tottenham)
    Private C. H. Vick, London Regiment (Mortlake)
    Lance Sergeant J. Vigor, Royal Sussex Regiment (Burwash)
    Private W. L. Vivian, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Perranwell)
    Sergeant N. G. Wakeham, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (Praze)
    Corporal G. Waldron, Labour Corps (Cardiff)
    Corporal H. W. Waldron, Lancashire Fusiliers (Droitwich)
    Sergeant E. Walker, Cheshire Regiment (Liverpool)
    Lance Corporal G. Walker, Manchester Regiment (Miles-Platting)
    Corporal S. Walker, Cheshire Regiment (Hunslet)
    Gunner W. L. Walker, Royal Field Artillery (Friockheim, N.B.)
    Acting Corporal T. Walsh, South Staffordshire Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private A. Walton, Durham Light Infantry (Consett)
    Lance Corporal G. Walton, London Regiment (Shepherd's Bush)
    Gunner J. W. Walton, Royal Garrison Artillery (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Acting Lance Sergeant J. W. Walton, Northumberland Fusiliers (Bishop Auckland)
    Private W. Waring, Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Welshpool)
    Gunner J. Waterhouse, Royal Field Artillery (Accrington)
    Bombardier E. C. Waters, Royal Field Artillery (Stratford, London)
    Private W. Watkinson, London Regiment (Portsmouth)
    Private G. D. Watson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Chopwell)
    Private W. H. Watson, London Regiment (Hackney)
    Sapper W. Waugh, Royal Engineers (Reading)
    Sergeant A. A. Weaver, Royal Army Medical Corps (Kew Gardens)
    Corporal H. R. Webb, East Kent Regiment (Chatham)
    Private T. Weisberg, London Regiment (Hackney)
    Gunner G. C. Welsford, Royal Garrison Artillery (Stonehouse)
    Corporal F. T. West, Yeomanry (Bedford)
    Lance Corporal H. D. Westgarth, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Able Seaman W. Westlake, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Cardiff)
    Gunner H. W. White, Royal Field Artillery (Leyton)
    Private L. Wigham, Northumberland Fusiliers (York)
    Gunner W. Wilberforce, Royal Field Artillery (Withernsea)
    Sapper G. Willey, Royal Engineers (Exeter)
    Driver J. William, Royal Field Artillery (Warwick)
    Private A. A. J. Williams, London Regiment (Peckham, London)
    Private F. F. Williams, Royal West Kent Regiment (Wandsworth, London)
    Able Seaman J. C. Williams, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Swansea)
    Private O. C. Williams, Lancashire Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Corporal H. Willis, Northumberland Fusiliers (West Wylam)
    Private G. Wilmot, Royal Army Medical Corps (Cullompton)
    Corporal G. H. Wilmott, Royal Engineers (Witney)
    Private W. Willmott, Northumberland Fusiliers (Northampton)
    Private H. T. Wills, Northumberland Fusiliers (Peckham)
    Private A. W. Wilson, Northumberland Fusiliers (Littleport)
    Driver G. Wilson, Royal Field Artillery (Urmston)
    Private J. A. Wilson, Machine Gun Corps (Consett)
    Sapper T. J. Wilson, Royal Engineers (Tunstall)
    Gunner W. Winkley, Royal Field Artillery (Clitheroe)
    Private W. G. H. Winsor, London Regiment (Ladbroke Grove, London)
    Private N. G. Witchell, Yeomanry (Horsley, near Nailsworth)
    Sergeant J. Withinsnaw, Royal Field Artillery (New Seaham)
    Lance Corporal W. Wood, Gordon Highlanders (Inverune)
    Sergeant H. Woodbourne, Border Regiment (Manchester)
    Private T. Woods, Lancashire Fusiliers (Preston)
    Driver F. Woodward, Royal Field Artillery (Nottingham)
    Private H. Woodward, South Staffordshire Regiment (Bulwell)
    Acting Sergeant W. H. Worral, South Staffordshire Regiment (Birmingham)
    Private G. A. Wratten, Royal Sussex Regiment (Horeham Road)
    Sergeant D. E. R. Wright, Northumberland Fusiliers (Newcastle)
    Lance Corporal J. Wright, Royal Engineers (E. Chatham)
    Lance Corporal W. R. Wright, Royal Engineers (Blackpool)
    Lance Corporal J. Wych, Manchester Regiment (Hyde)
    Private F. A. Wyllyams, Royal Army Medical Corps (Bristol)
    PrivateF. T. Yateo, Bedfordshire Regiment (Bletchly)
    Private W. Yates, North Staffordshire Regiment (Burton-on-Trent)
    Private T. Yeubrey, Manchester Regiment (Wolverhampton)
    Private R. Abbott, Lancashire Fusiliers (Pendleton)
    Private A. E. Adams, South Wales Borderers (Severn)
    Private F. Adams, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Dover)
    Private F. Adams, South Wales Borderers (Worcester)
    Private J. T. Addison, Coldstream Guards (Billisdon)
    Private D. Aitken, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (St. Ninian, Stirling)
    Private F. C. Alder, Royal Army Medical Corps (Birmingham)
    Sergeant T. Aldridge, Lancashire Fusiliers (Salford)
    Corporal F. W, Alesworth, Machine Gun Corps (Hastings)
    Acting Sergeant S. J. Alexander, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private H. S. Alford, Coldstream Guards (Coytrahene, near Bridgend)
    Lance Corporal J. E. Alker, Lancashire Fusiliers (Holland Moor)
    Able Seaman H. S. Allan, Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Glasgow)
    Sergeant C. H. Allen, Royal Field Artillery (Chatham)
    Private C. L. Allen, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private R. Allen, Lancashire Fusiliers (Widnes)
    Private C. Alline, South Wales Borderers (Barry Dock)
    Private R. S. Anderson, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private T. Anderson, Royal Scots (Glasgow)
    Private D. Andrews, Hampshire Regiment (Winchfield)
    Bombardier T. E. Andrews, Royal Field Artillery (Deptford)
    Private W. Arkell, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Bampton)
    Private A. J. Arnold, Rifle Brigade (Walden)
    Private A. Ashworth, Coldstream Guards (Brood Meadow Farm, Lancaster)
    Private A. E. Ashburn, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Barrow-in-Furness)
    Private G. Ashworth, North Lancashire Regiment (Wigan)
    Private J. Ashton, Rifle Brigade (Preston)
    Sergeant W. Ashcroft, North Lancashire Regiment (Bolton)
    Sergeant J. Atkinson, Coldstream Guards (West Benwell-on-Tyne)
    Corporal J. T. Atkinson, Gloucestershire Regiment (Newent)
    Private C. S. Auld, Royal Army Medical Corps (Mersat)
    Private T. D. Austin, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Sheffield)
    Sapper A. L. Ayres, Royal Engineers (Launceston)
    Private H. Bailey, Worcestershire Regiment (Walsall)
    Lance Corporal J. E. Bailey, Lancashire Fusiliers (Bury)
    Private W. K. Bailey, Worcestershire Regiment (Melton Mowbray)
    Corporal R. G. Baillie, Scots Guards (Aberdeen)
    Private J. Baines, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Smethwick)
    Sergeant E. Ball, Lancashire Fusiliers (Heywood)
    Private G. Ball, Lancashire Fusiliers (Hindley)
    Sergeant T. Ball, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private G. Banks, Liverpool Regiment (Manchester)
    Lance Corporal T. Banks, Lancashire Fusiliers (Aspull)
    Private J. Bann, Scots Guards (Winchburgh)
    Lance Corporal F. W. Banner, Lancashire Fusiliers (Warrington)
    Private F. Barber, Machine Gun Corps (Rochdale)
    Sergeant D. Barker, Cheshire Regiment (Nantwich)
    Private L. Barker, Manchester Regiment (Dukinfield)
    Private A. J. Barlow, Welsh Guards (Kingsdown)
    Private W. Barlow, Manchester Regiment (Liverpool)
    Private S. Barnes, Manchester Regiment (Oldham)
    Gunner C. H. Barr, Royal Field Artillery (Barnet)
    Private E. G. Barr, Rifle Brigade (Kentish Town)
    Private L. Barrett, London Regiment (Luton)
    Private G. Barron, Royal Army Medical Corps (Thatto Heath)
    Lance Sergeant B. Barrow, Royal Lancaster Regiment (Greenodd)
    Private J. Barry, Manchester Regiment (Merthyr Tydvil)
    Private H. H. Bartle, Lincolnshire Regiment (Stafford)
    Private B. Batchelor, Manchester Regiment (Rochester)
    Sergeant C. Bateman, Essex Regiment (Riseley)
    Private W. Bath, Hampshire Regiment (Southampton)
    Private P. G. Bavin, Essex Regiment (Bishops Stortford)
    Private G. Baxter, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Growle)
    Sergeant G. Baxter, Royal Scots Fusiliers (Glasgow)
    Private H. Baxter, Lancashire Fusiliers (Great Harwood)
    Private A. Bayles, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Barton)
    Corporal Fitter A. M. Bayley, Royal Field Artillery (Ipswich)
    Private R. A. Bayliss, Hertfordshire Regiment (Bavendon)
    Private W. Bayles, Durham Light Infantry (South Shields)
    Corporal A. N. Beard, Lancashire Fusiliers (Lower Kensal)
    Private F. Beasley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Birmingham)
    Private E. Beckett, South Lancashire Regiment (Manchester)
    Corporal J. W. Beckham, Manchester Regiment (Arnfield Plain)
    Private G. Beckett, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Burslem)
    Sergeant H. Bell, North Lancashire Regiment (Preston)
    Lance Corporal H. G. Bell, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Romford)
    Private J. Bell, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Mansfield)
    Lance Corporal J. Bell, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Durham)
    Corporal W. Bell, Essex Regiment (Southend)
    Private T. Bellerby, East Yorkshire Regiment (Otley)
    Private R. O. Bendall, Coldstream Guards (Wells)
    Gunner W. Bennett, Royal Field Artillery (Cardiff)
    Private E. Bentley, Lancashire Fusiliers (Darwen)
    Private G. Bentley, Worcestershire Regiment (Old Hill)
    Lance Corporal W. Bentley, South Wales Borderers (Birmingham)
    Private E. Berry, South Lancashire Regiment (St. Helens)
    Private A. Bethell, East Kent Regiment (West Norwood, London)
    Private B. Binks, Border Regiment (Ipswich)
    Private J. H. Binedell, Royal Army Medical Corps (Capetown)
    Private G. E. Binns, Royal Fusiliers (Harringay)
    Private G. Birchall, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Marton)
    Private G. E. Birchett, East Kent Regiment (Lympne)
    Lance Corporal W. C. Bird, Devonshire Regiment (Goodwood)
    Gunner A. C. Bish, Royal Garrison Artillery (Worthing)
    Private W. M. Bishop, Royal Army Medical Corps (Liverpool)
    Private R. Black, Manchester Regiment (Great Ashfield)
    Sergeant T. Blair, South Wales Borderers (Leamington)
    Private H. J. Blake, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (Andover)
    Private R. F. Blankley, Royal Fusiliers (Brierley Hill)
    Sergeant T. Blomeley, Lancashire Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Private R. Blyth, Royal Army Medical Corps (Dundee)
    Sergeant S. Boardman, Manchester Regiment (Oldham)
    Private W. Boarer, East Kent Regiment (Withyham)
    Lance Corporal W. H. Boast, Machine Gun Corps (Peckham)
    Lance Corporal H. Bolden, East Kent Regiment (Islington)
    Lance Corporal R. Bolton, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Mindrum)
    Lance Corporal G. H. J. Bond, Machine Gun Corps (Bath)
    Private A. Booth, Lancashire Fusiliers (Elton)
    Sergeant J. T. Booth, Durham Light Infantry (Wardley)
    Private A. Bostock, Lancashire Fusiliers (Smithy Bridge)
    Sergeant H. Botting, Machine Gun Guards (Tunbridge)
    Sergeant C. Bouch, Yorkshire Light Infantry (Walden)
    Private R. A. Bouckley, Royal Army Medical Corps (Birmingham)
    Sergeant E. R. Bourne, Machine Gun Corps (New Brompton)
    Private W. Bower, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Sutton-in-Ashfield)
    Private E. L. Boyd, Lancashire Fusiliers (Newcastle-on-Tyne)
    Lance Corporal W. Boyd, Liverpool Regiment (Llandigai)
    Private R. Boyton, Irish Guards (Boyle)
    Private J. Bracegirdle, Lancashire Fusiliers (Ancoats)
    Private T. Bramhill, Lancashire Fusiliers (Ince)
    Corporal J. Bradshaw, North Lancashire Regiment (Hindley)
    Private E. Bray, Hampshire Regiment (Southsea)
    Private H. Brazier, Hampshire Regiment (Micheldever)
    Lance Corporal H. H. Briant, Machine Gun Corps (Hurstbourne)
    Private C. E. Brierley, Manchester Regiment (Rusholme)
    Private A. Brighton, Worcestershire Regiment (Kidderminster)
    Corporal W. Brett, Lancashire Fusiliers (Radcliffe)
    Private D. Broatch, Lancashire Fusiliers (Longtown)
    2nd Corporal C. Brookes, Royal Engineers (New Barnet)
    Private C. G. Brookes, Lancashire Fusiliers (Manchester)
    Sergeant J. Brooks, Royal Dublin Fusiliers (Carlow)
    Gunner A. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (Hucknall)
    Sergeant E. Brown, Royal Irish Fusiliers (Downpatrick)
    Driver E. F. Brown, Royal Field Artillery (Ipswich)
    Private G. H. Brown, South Lancashire Regiment (Ebenezer, Cam.)
    Lance Corporal J. Brown, King's Royal Rifle Corps (Watford)
    Sergeant J. Brown, King's Own Scottish Borderers (Edinburgh)
    Private P. Brown, Hampshire Regiment (Brighton)
    Corporal M. Browne, Irish Guards (Ballinamore)
    Private W. Brown, East Yorkshire Regiment (Ferniegair)
    Private W. Brownlie, Scottish Rifles (Burnbank)
    Private E. Brownwood, Royal Army Medical Corps (Burnley)
    Private J. A. Buck, Middlesex Regiment, attd. Machine Gun Company (Baling)
    Private W. Bunyan, Bedfordshire Regiment (Leighton Buzzard)
    Sergeant W. J. Bunyan, Royal Field Artillery (Tooting, London)
    Sergeant W. Burchell, Royal Field Artillery (South Tottenham)
    Private F. E. Burgess, Durh. Lr. (Worcester)
    Gunner H. Burgess, Royal Field Artillery (Northwich)
    Private H. Burgess, Manchester Regiment (Oldham)
    Corporal P. M. Burke, East Lancashire Regiment (Idle)
    Private G. E. Burks, Royal Fusiliers (South Kelsey)
    Private G. A. Burnage, Royal Army Medical Corps (Stanley)
    Corporal J. Burns, Royal Garrison Artillery (Wigan)
    Private J. T. Burns, North Lancashire Regiment (Preston)
    Private A. G. Bushell, Middlesex Regiment (St. Lukes, London)
    Private W. H. Bustin, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment (Leicester)
    Private W. J. Butcher, Royal Fusiliers (Battersea)
    Lance Corporal E. C. Butler, Yeomanry (New Maiden)
    Private T. Butler, Royal Dublin Fusiliers (Fethard)
    Private C. H. Buzzard, Lancashire Fusiliers (Flucknall)
    Private R. Cairnie, Royal Highlanders (Dundee)
    Private L. Cairns, Lancashire Fusiliers (Burnley)
    Private W. Cairns, Royal Scots (Fauldliouse)
    Private H. F. Cake, Hampshire Regiment (Middle Southampton)
    Lance Corporal W. D. Caldbeck, Liverpool Regiment (Liverpool)
    Lance Corporal S. A Callaway, Royal Army Medical Corps (Slough)
    Private W, Cameron, North Staffordshire Regiment (Dunblane)
    Corporal D. Campbell, Royal Scots (Dalmellington)
    Lance Corporal H. Campbell, Machine Gun Corps (Dundee)
    Private E. Cannon, Manchester Regiment (Cork)
    Gunner G. P. Carlton, A. Battery, Royal Field Artillery (St. Hunslett)
    Private L. Carney, East Lancashire Regiment (Middlesbrough)
    Lance Corporal G. W. Carpenter, Worcestershire Regiment (Steeple Aston)
    Private S. Carr, York & Lancaster Regiment (Sheffield)
    Sergeant P. C. Carter, Coldstream Guards (Reading)
    Lance Corporal J. Carter, Durham Light Infantry (Quebec, County Durham)
    Private P. J. Carter, Scots Guards (Brockley, London
